nick	date	comment
1	Ran	2012-05-13	What'd you think?
2	Greyjoy67	2012-05-13	For sheer entertainment, 9/10 again - it's just so gripping, even if you've read the books. This series has really gone up a notch in the second half (so far). 
I don't feel too strongly about the changes because they've been relatively well written in. Alton dying worked pretty well, that was a strong scene. In fact, this was the first episode where I'd say almost every scene was acted absolutely superbly. Perhaps one too many Ygritte-Jon scenes but I'm glad they're developing that relationship. I have a real thing for Ygritte - she's uh... feisty. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> She reminds me of girls from Scotland (where I'm from), so that's probably why. I again loved Tywin-Arya, even if they need to get moving a bit with that storyline. 
Qarth worked out well, I just dunno what happened really. It was wonderfully creepy though. Theon gets A+ again. Um, what else... yeah, no I couldn't find much to complain about. I'm sure a bunch of you will though haha.
3	Wyman_Manderly	2012-05-13	Did not care too much for the Cersei Tyrion scene. Liked the Jaime scenes though. 8/10
I kind of liked what they did with Qarth. It was lot better than what i was expecting it to be.
					
					
							Edited by Wyman_Manderly, 13 May 2012 - 09:27 PM.
4	Arlborn	2012-05-13	Oh my GOD, I LOVED IT! Best episode of the show so far!! i am an avid book reader and I had to use my first post to post here, I loved it so much!! The ending specially, oh my, even though I am a book reader it still gave me all sort of feelings watching those bodies, all I could think of was how awesome it was.
And oh, the scene showing Harrenhall in all its haunting and ruined glory? BEST visual scene this show had so far!!!!!!! Gosh, awesome!!
I loooved what they did about Qarth too, Jeez! And the scenes with Jaime?? Wow, just, wow, blown away!!!
Oh God, I think I'm having an orgasm right here, I just LOVED IT!
Did I mention that I LOVED IT yet???
					
					
							Edited by Arlborn, 13 May 2012 - 09:35 PM.
5	Tewks44	2012-05-13	This was perhaps the first episode where I thought the changes were actually good, and since they don't appear to be having any long term diversions from the book, I think it'll all wind up okay.
6	Kyrion	2012-05-13	The coup of Qarth was awesome, but also a little alarming. Just like that they could take over Qarth.....well he is a warlock.
Also didnt like the change to Jon getting captured, dont see how they will get to the Qhorrin halfhands part.
Still overall, awesome episode. 9/10
7	shaggydork	2012-05-13	Good, 7/10, although a step down from last week. The Jon/Ygritte scenes were a little slow. I'm becoming disappointed with the north-of-the-wall setting--too barren.
Arya/Tywin scenes were outstanding as usual. I am totally buying his interest in her, although it's superficially unlikely.
I'm enjoying Qarth (and Dany's story in general) more than I did in the books, but Dany herself is coming across as a bit too crazy. I get that they're playing up the "coin flip" Targaryen sanity, but I think it might be hurting the character.
8	jasonresno	2012-05-13	The coup of Qarth was awesome, but also a little alarming. Just like that they could take over Qarth.....well he is a warlock.Also didnt like the change to Jon getting captured, dont see how they will get to the Qhorrin halfhands part.Still overall, awesome episode. 9/10I'm assuming the Halfhand gets captured as well and Jon and Qorin will be ordered to fight eachother. Qorin then gives him his final command. I could see it working out alright.
9	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-05-13	8/10 again.  Not perfect (in particular I thought the final reveal of "Bran and Rickon" was handled a bit clumsily, considering its importance) but a lot of nice touches throughout and the best exposition this season.  Quick impressions:
- Apart from the end, Theon's story was again handled in top notch fashion.  I'll admit despite my disdain for Theon's character that I was quite amused by his kicking the shit out of Black Lorren.  LOL'd at the preceding dialogue - "the giant musta took em"  "giant?  you mean Hodor??"   /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
- Loved all the stuff at Robb's camp, including "Talisa's" reaction when Robb wants to take her to the Crag!!  Methinks a certain Lady Westerling hasn't quite been forthcoming with King Robb.  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />  The Jaime/Alton scene was fantastic because it succeeded in drawing me into the notion that it was just a long expository scene, then WHAM!  Well played, D&D.
- Satisfied to this point with the Qarth story - the truth of my prediction (shared by several other boarders) that XXD was behind the dragon theft, at least in part, was no great surprise.  The wanton murder of the Thirteen definitely was!!  I'm eager to see how this gets resolved.  
- The Sandor/Sansa scene was ok, albeit rushed.  
- Tywin Lannister is not a moron!  At least not a complete one.  He knows Arya is highborn and I suspect (given 'milord/my Lord') has known all along.  Since apparently Ty will be leaving Harrenhal next week, that little plotline is about to come to an end - again, excited to see what happens.  BTW - speaking of Harrenhal, that establishing shot leading into Ty's window was fantastic.  A+++ to the CGI folks!
- Quaithe!!!  Fun little scene.  Although I'm ready to see her speak with Dany directly.
- Another fun little scene was Bran/Rickon/Hodor/Osha.  
- Jon & Ygritte was fine, but a little long and drawn out.  Could have done with one fewer scene of them wandering around in the snow.  Now we can be reasonably certain that Jon/Qorin won't go the same as in the books.  Again not too happy about that but we'll see what happens.  
This episode definitely had that "setup" feel to it, which is fine so long as the payoff works.  Is it next Sunday yet?
10	nothatso	2012-05-13	Mostly enjoyed it, but I don't like how they essentially skipped the sequence where Jon gets his scar and finds Mance's camp. It reeked of budget issues.
11	NedFlanderStark	2012-05-13	I don't feel too strongly about the changes because they've been relatively well written in.This.  The acting wsa amazing this episode as well.
12	Died a Hero	2012-05-13	A strong nine
The North scenes were great. "You know nothing Jon Snow." I'm not sure how they're going to handle the Halfhand turn, but we'll worry about that when the time comes. I really liked that Tywin made Arya eat from his table, knowing that someone was "trying to kill me." and that she's a highborn from the North somewhere. Was a very understated touch. Jamie's scenes were the best of the season. "All you'll have to do is die." Very Jaime. The story he told about Ser Barristan the bold was handled well. Even Dany's scenes were good, if not a little stiff, this week. But I can't blame her. With all the crap writing they've tossed her way this season, it's a miracle she remembers how to act at all. The overthrow was a cool add on. They over foreshadowed the two miller boys, but most fan's who haven't read the book probably still won't pick up on it. That being said, Theon's stuff this week was great. All and all one of the better shows this season. Only five has been better. And next weeks looks cool. The back half of this season is standing up well. Just like last year.
					
					
							Edited by Died a Hero, 13 May 2012 - 10:32 PM.
13	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-05-13	Re-watching and wanted to add one thing - Emilia Clarke was outstanding in this episode, especially in the scene with Jorah.
14	Sand11751	2012-05-13	Too much Jon & Ygritte - her voice just annoys me. Would've been nice to see Qhorin's last instructions to him, but maybe they could still put that scene in with Jon forced to make a choice in front of the wildlings. No idea what the Hound is doing in Sansa's room after she has her first period - is he gonna teaching her about periods now ? Glad Jaime's conversation with his cousin finally came to a point (cause up that I was thinking WTF), but compared to the conversation he could have had with Catelyn about Aerys, it just seems ridiculous. This was a five or six tonight only for that conversation between Cersei and Sansa.
15	tfoxx22	2012-05-13	I really enjoyed this episode, just not as much as some of the last couple. Definitely an 8 or 9 though
16	_Oberyn_	2012-05-13	9. One of the few good episodes this season, No Idea whats hapeing with Jon now, more pointless changes.
I was sad to see the Spice King go, he was the only good thing the tv show introduced. I was hopping he would play a part as a Yunkai Envoy in the future.
17	Pinn	2012-05-13	Even Dany's scenes were good, if not a little stiff, this week. But I can't blame her. With all the crap writing they've tossed her way this season, it's a miracle she remembers how to act at all.I would have preferred a little more of the subdued and tempered confidence that she has gained from believing in herself--a strength she uses in allaying any doubts she may have to herself while shielding them others around her. It is that strength that has carried her and maintained her very loyal core of followers thus far.  I think the directing has made her a little too shrill and disempowered compared to my take of her from the books.Jon & Ygritte -- I think the idea is to try to build some chemisty here, hence the longer scenes.
18	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-05-14	Really surprised to be enjoying Ygritte on this show. 100% due to the actress' abilities. I LOATHED that character in ASoS. I thought her relationship with Jon was a contrived plot point...one of GRRMs only missteps in the series. But the actress playing her on the show might save this character for me and bring her into a new context. I love the chemistry she has with Jon. In the books I was a bit relieved when she died, but the show might actually have me bawling when she goes! Who woulda thunk it?
19	Lord Ravenfrost	2012-05-14	I think the episode was good save for too much Jon and Ygrette time. I continue to love Theon's story most of which is ripped right from the book for the most part. I'm glad they made a mention of the Brotherhood Without Banners although they could've let non-readers know a little more about them other than they annoy Lord Tywin. Especially when Tywin was complaining to The Mountain about them attacking the fringes of their army. 
	Spoiler Something to the effect of "Lord Beric can't be killed" or "Lord Beric and that damned red priest are like ghosts".  
 The Qarth scene sort of took me by surprise where the thirteen died in a good way. Although I think Dany is too bratty for my taste I like how they handled her dragon disappearance. 
	Spoiler It will make more sense down the road for non-readers when Xaro shows up in Meereen representing Qarth. I still can't see why someone would want to avoid reading the books, but to each his own.
  The Robb stuff is starting to come into focus and I can see why so much time was spent on it. I don't like how they are handling Jon's story, but it looks like it will end up happening the same way it does in the book. I still think GRRM's version of things is better but whatever. I really think ghost should be with him more too but I guess that it costs too much to put him in most of the scenes. They need to give the show more money so we can see more of the dragons and the wolves they are just as important as any of the side characters. I gave it an 8
					
					
							Edited by Sword of the Late Night, 14 May 2012 - 12:22 AM.
20	FacelessDude	2012-05-14	Overall an ok episode. I was looking forward to Jon letting Ygritte go and then havin Jon meet back up with Quorin Halfhand and the rest of the rangers. The chemistry between Jon and Ygritte happened more in SoS, but I enjoyed their scenes together. It really hit me when she said "you know nothing Jon Snow". The actress who plays Ygritte is pretty and feisty.
They did a good job on Theon's character arc. I liked how they mixed Black Lorren with the guy that was killed in CoK by Theon when raiding the fishing villages. So they combined that well. I also liked the look of emotion on Theon's face when he sees the 'bodies' of Bran and Rickon, priceless. They do a great job of replicating the book version of Theon.
21	7V3N	2012-05-14	I'm assuming the Halfhand gets captured as well and Jon and Qorin will be ordered to fight eachother. Qorin then gives him his final command. I could see it working out alright.That's what I think too, though I like what happens much more in the book.
22	Michaelj	2012-05-14	I really enjoyed this episode, I give it 9.5. Was still quite shocked of the ending and what Jaime Lannister did...
23	BoldAsYouPlease	2012-05-14	8/10. Best episode of the season for me.
Good: Remarkably good scenes by the actors playing the Lannister twins. Of all the cast, the actor playing Jaime comes closest to how I envisioned the characters and he made the most of some very substantial scenes in this episode. Cersei is actually something of an improvement over the book version at this point - she's more of a fully realized woman than book-Cersei, and her obvious realization of what Joffrey is and her guilt over her part in creating him were quite effective. Dinklage didn't have much to do, but he conveyed Tyrion's essential nature as he sought to comfort his sister - "decent", just as he described Myrcella and Tommen. Dance and Maisie Williams were again interesting, and it was a relief to finally see Lord Tywin impose some limits on the amount of presumption he was willing to put up with from a serving girl.
Bad: More pointless and annoying squawking by Dany. Bad writing, but the actress is also just not very strong. Why would anyone ever follow this Daenaerys, dragons or no? Pyat Pree appears to be insanely overpowered - with such abilities he should have taken over all of Westeros and Essos long ago. The Jon/Ygritte scenes became tiresome enough to negate the beautiful northern scenery. There really is no suspense to Theon's reveal of the two child corpses - no one believes Bran and Rickon are dead, the sacrificial-lamb status of the "Winterfell refugee boys" was telegraphed too blatantly. Oh, and I'm really, really sick of the Robb/Talisa nonsense.
					
					
							Edited by BoldAsYouPlease, 14 May 2012 - 01:23 AM.
24	drigoly	2012-05-14	best episode so far in this season, my first 8, if it weren't for the supermen Quarth shit with pyat pree i would have given it a 9 (not gonna give a 10 till i see "blackwater, so 9 is my highest for all the other episodes /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> ), love the changes they did with the arya chapters in harrenhall /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by drigoly, 14 May 2012 - 01:39 AM.
25	Direwolf Lager	2012-05-14	doing a great job with the winterfell storyline even without the reeds. however, im disappointed with how weak they're making daenerys look. they're giving her a bit too much of the targaryen madness. also interested to see how the changed "jon snow/qhorin halfhand conflict" plays out
26	Direwolf Lager	2012-05-14	also not enjoying the portrayal of Tywin Lannister. hes supposed to be the most feared man in the seven kingdoms, but hes coming off as a big softy
27	rmholt	2012-05-14	I gave it a 10 - before it was even over - for the Tywin/Arya exchange, for the line of Ygritte (did you pull a knife on me), for the Jaime escape and recapture and finally for Tyrion being so OCD about tactics v strategy.
28	The Knight of Flours	2012-05-14	Not quite a 10, but the best of S2 so far. 9/10
29	rmholt	2012-05-14	8/10 again.:...Loved all the stuff at Robb's camp, including "Talisa's" reaction when Robb wants to take her to the Crag!! Methinks a certain Lady Westerling hasn't quite been forthcoming with King Robb. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />OMG!  of course...The Jaime/Alton scene was fantastic because it succeeded in drawing me into the notion that it was just a long expository scene, then WHAM! Well played, D&D.me too.The Sandor/Sansa scene was ok, albeit rushed.This relationship has been so sluggish but is picking up some steam.  The Cersei-Sansa scenes really hew to the book - she is at once Sansa's best friend and worst enemy. Tywin Lannister is not a moron! At least not a complete one. He knows Arya is highborn and I suspect (given 'milord/my Lord') has known all along. Since apparently Ty will be leaving Harrenhal next week, that little plotline is about to come to an end -I am seeing it as a puzzle Tywin is diverting himself with and, peeking around the Fourth Wall, we get a lot of information by spying on Tywin during this time, which was pretty distant in the book.  It tickles me they used the m'lord thing bc I caught at once that she was doing the My Lord and thought it was a mistake - and just now in ADWD have reread this little lesson Roose gives to Theon/Reek.Jon & Ygritte was fine, but a little long and drawn out. Could have done with one fewer scene of them wandering around in the snow.I think the actors felt the same way.  Although a candidate for line of the week was in that first scene.  It was apparently a vehicle for giving us a little lecture on the wildling culture and North history.it next Sunday yet?I KNOWAH!
30	rmholt	2012-05-14	doing a great job with the winterfell storyline even without the reeds. however, im disappointed with how weak they're making daenerys look. they're giving her a bit too much of the targaryen madness. also interested to see how the changed "jon snow/qhorin halfhand conflict" plays outI wonder how much of this is her limitations as an actor?
31	rmholt	2012-05-14	They do a great job of replicating the book version of Theon.Does anyone know offhand - did the actor lose some weight between Stark-ness and Iron-ness?
32	rmholt	2012-05-14	Dear David Nutter I can barely pick the dialogue out of the accents and fast-talking, please do not have Arya talk with her mouth full of turnips
TIA
33	salt	2012-05-14	The first 10 I've given out of the season.  Perhaps it deserves a 9, but the "there's not much fish left in you" line pushed me over the edge.
34	Kvothe_ModTech	2012-05-14	There was a few good moments, but overall this is the first episode that has really annoyed and disappointed me, I feel as though they have ruined Jon's storyline, if they dont make it that Halfhand gives him the command then I will be thoroughly pissed off.
I loved the scene with Tywin and Arya, they are great together.
Dany just seems off, I dunno, she was really good in the first season, but has been underutilized this season, very disappointing.
I dunno, just didn't feel this episode, maybe I wish it was closer to the books to much.
35	Envie	2012-05-14	So many deviations from the books.... but so far, most of those deviations are working in favor of the story very well. I was really concerned how they writers would condense so much detail into short one hour episodes without losing the intensity we all loved in reading those details. It seems like they have an excellent handle on how to keep the story moving in the more or less same direction as the book while at the same time fleshing out some great dialogue and character development we didn't have from the book. The Arya / Tywin pairing has been absolutely phenomenal. There's no way it could have been as good if they'd kept it as it was in the books with her working the kitchens or for Roose Bolton.
So glad to see Jaime Lannister back at the forefront of the story once again after a long departure from his part in it due to being a captive. The surprise with that long exposition scene was definitely a shocker and well done. Reminds everyone that Jaime is still a very dangerous man, even in chains.
I am a Jon Snow fan (what female reader isn't, c'mon!) and I approve of the re-worked Ygritte character. I found her annoying as hell in the book, and was disappointed when he started to fall for her. They've done a much better job making her feisty and attractive than my impressions of the girl in the books plus her constant antagonism of Jon and how the Night's Watch are a bunch of sorry idiots without women ("With your hands then? ... No wonder you're all so miserable!") ... well that was just pure gold.
I enjoyed the dramatic twist on the Qarth plot line... it was a real snooze-fest to me in the books except when Dany went in the House of the Undying, so adding this crazy drama is pretty good plot manipulation to keep Dany's story interesting. Pyatt Pree is insanely creepy and believable if not a little too powerful with his illusions.
I also loved the interactions between Cersei and Sansa - makes her much more believable than she was in the books. A lot of people don't like how she's been turned into the worrisome Mother figure, but I for one appreciate the more realistic take on it.I think they're doing a good job trying to keep the audience tied in to her story...both pitying her, hating her and even admiring her at times.
Tyrion and Cersei are now on the same page.. briefly. I think this was done as another illusionary tactic to make viewers think things may turn in favor of the Lannisters before Blackwater. 
Theon's story and scenes continue to be amazing amazing amazing. I'll discuss it in more detail i the other thread as I am too tempted to spoilers.
I gave this episode a 10... the pace was faster, more intense and left almost every scene / story arc with a cliffhanger setup for next week...
					
					
							Edited by Envie, 14 May 2012 - 03:59 AM.
36	LostSoul	2012-05-14	I am alittle disappointed i must admit.  I was really hoping we would see the scenes of the undying and how they portray the prophesies.  Now we are going to have to wait next week for it.  Love Tywin and Arya scene..brilliant piece of acting by both actors.  I do like how they taking the storyline with Dany, cant wait to see next weeks episode.
I gave it 7/10
37	Lord Rickard Snow	2012-05-14	I'm simply amazed on how well they can keep the story straight on the TV show.With the massive narrative the books offer, it's a seemingly daunting task with TV's time, budget and monetary constraints, props To Dan and D.B for putting an amazing show together, and I can only hope, and I'm sure I speak for most people who enjoy the show, we'll have many many more seasons of the show.
I enjoyed the Arya Tywin Scene I thought it was well captured, the shot of Tywins neck right out of Arya's mind like we're watching her thoughts, well shot
Could someone please get Maester Luwin a tissue and  tell him "it's O.K. they're only a little crispy...Great  scene and end to the episode just like the books always leaving you wanting a little bit more.
Thanks For reading My PoV and My first Post on this Forum
38	The Anti-Targ	2012-05-14	OK if this is how Jon's story plays out I'll consider this a very strong episode, almost worthy of a 9: The band who has surrounded Jon is relatively small, so Qhorin et al descend on them to rescue Jon. Ygritte escapes with a few wildings, Jon joins back up with the Halfhand and takes all sorts of shit from his brothers. Then Ygritte returns with a much bigger troop of wildings and we're back to how things play out in the book. I NEED Jon and Qhorin to have that conversation, if that doesn't happen it will be the biggest disappointment of the season. What gives me hope is that Ep 8 is GRRM's episode, ETA: No it's not, Ep 9 is, OK so maybe THE convo happens in EP 9. Hopefully he insisted on being the one to write that scene.I thought Cersei coming out and actually admitting to Tyrion that the kids are children of incest was going too far. Cersei may turn to Tyrion as the only adult family she has, but she'd never fully let her guard down like that. It doesn't sit right with the nature of their relationship, especially with her attitude and deep seated loathing of Tyrion. Of course it does probably segue into Cersei being a complete bitch to Tyrion next episode, and she has all the more reason to be all out nasty because she showed a moment of vulnerability to him. Still I do not approve of the admission.King of Qarth, and murdering 11 of the 13. Did they need to go there? Not sure. It certainly ramped up Dany's jeopardy, and Pyat Pree is certainly all sorts of unsettling. Drives Dany into desperation and urgent need to move on, and ultimately to head to Slaver's Bay. So a mixed bag in Qarth.Good ending with Jaime/Catelyn and Theon and the effigies. I think they did a bad job with the paper mache dummies for Bran and Rickon. OK I've never seen a tarred body before, but they even seemed to lack heft hanging on the ropes, so they just screamed out FAKE so kinda took me out of the scene a tad. Great expression on Theon's face though, so a very strong finish. Pretty sure the noobs will see the bait and switch though. Too many clues in the episode, still Theons expression at the end will give people pause, wondering where the truth lies.8/10 from me.
					
					
							Edited by The Anti-Targ, 14 May 2012 - 04:25 AM.
39	Isy	2012-05-14	One of the best episodes so far. Absolutely gripping twith interludes of poignant backstory. Some very memorable scenes. Nice amount of time with each set of characters. Changes to Quarth are brilliant. Jon Snow changes: first half good, last scene too much of a change (potentially).
9/10
40	Sun	2012-05-14	What an ending!!! The episode fully deserves the 9 I gave it for that ending choreography alone. And the music for that last scene was just perfect, the string movements mimicked the palpitating beats of my heart as I saw those two small charred bodies and then Theon's face. Tremendous job by the directer and editor.I absolutely love the changes to Qarth. For the first time since the book 1, I'm finding Dany's arc interesting.The one thing I disliked about this ep was Jaime killing Alton. Dramatically, I completely see why they did it:It makes Karstark's need for revenge against Jaime much more plausible, and defensible, than the books.It returns to his character an agency that's been stripped away by him sitting in a cell all season. After all Jaime is a dangerous, and the audience needed reminding of it.it makes his future awakening of conscience, and Brienne's affect on him,  far more powerful and poignant.It makes Catelyn's choice to release after she hears about her boys more logical, now that she has reason to believe that Robb will no longer be able to guarantee his safety.So, I can't really justify my dislike for this particular change, except perhaps in being a true Jaime fangirl, I take any change to his character no matter how slight, or justified, with the prickliness of a nun invited to tea in a brothel.I'm also sorry for the changes to Jaime's conversation with Cat. The "shit for honor" chapter is my favourite of all the books, containing what is, imo, the best dialogue scene that GRRM ever wrote. What I saw tonight didn't hold a candle to the written word. That's not to say that show scene didn't work, it did. It's just that it could have been so much better. I'm still hoping we'll get more of the Cat/Jaime conversation as it was in the books next ep.Jon and Ygritt are really cute. A lot of chemistry there. And the sight of the wildings surrounding him on the violet-white icy hills looked so beautiful, and quite intimidating. A powerful ending to Jon's arc this ep. And I must just say that the shots of Iceland are worth every penny they've spent.A wonderful hour of TV. I can now, very safely say, that over the past 3 episodes, GOT has become the best show on TV right now, for me.ETA:I forgot to mention Robb/Talisa; Much better tonight, I thought. The first time I watch these 2 together without cringing at the terrible dialogue. Also, there's a decent amount of chemistry coming through. Suddenly, it's not so improbably that I might very well enjoy this coupling next season.Also Tywin and Arya: One of the best scenes of the night. World building and character insight in perfect harmony.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 14 May 2012 - 05:33 AM.
41	Sun	2012-05-14	This deserves its own post.
David Nutter is, to my money, the best director GOT has had so far - yes, even better than Alan Taylor. I hope they keep him for the 3rd season.
42	OzorxOron	2012-05-14	Would have been a good 8 from me, that was until the ending.
I'd give it a 9.
43	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-05-14	I'll go through my usual pros and cons. Just a disclaimer first. Some of the rating will be based on the fact that until I see changes enacted in a positive way, they are considered slightly negative, enough to take off roughly a point.
Pros:
Acting. All round it was almost uniformally good.Minus (IMO) Emilia Clarke. Special shout out to Nikolai Coster-Walder. He IS Jaime. Likewise I doff my hat to Ygritte.
All the scenes round Robb's camp. Today that storyline finally became worthwhile. Karstark placed in very well. It also now gives us a reason for Robb being away from the camp (and Catelyn) when he hears of Bran and Rickon's "deaths", and subsequently falling into Jeyne's arms. Though they did say he was coming back at dawn, so that might be delayed an episode. Either way, it was good. The death of Alton Lannister was also very surprising. I didn't expect it.
Generally most of the other storylines were good, minus a couple that I shall discuss imminently. I'm also adding an extra mark for that shot of Harrenhall. Great great shot.
Cons:
Jon Snow is semi-incompetent. This annoys me. He is a future lord commander and he keeps on getting bettered. Admittedly I get the feeling he may escape next week (and as such can reunite with the Halfhand in a satisfactory way), but still. It vexes me. Also, how did Ygritte ever get the attention of the Wildlings that surrounded Jon? 
Qarth. I don't necessarily mind the Dragons being stolen, but Pyat Pree has become some fucking superman, and the murder of the rest of the Thirteen makes no logical sense. Also Emilia Clarke's acting. I'm genuinely torn as to whether she is purposely trying to make Daenerys the whiny moron she becomes now or whether it's just simple bad acting. 
I hope it does end up that Bran et al return to the Crypt. I want Theon to have been properly outfoxed, and not just missed them via bad luck. Also, not a con so much as yet to be confirmed, but I hope that Luwin knows about the bodies the same as he does in the book.
Yara is back next week.
So I shall give it an 8 overall.
44	kailelizabeth	2012-05-14	9/10 Really great episode, the last few episodes have been great as well but this one really hit it out of the park.
I would have given it a 10/10 but Dany's scenes really blew it for me. Granted I don't like her much in the books, but they're really dragging her story out this season. And it really doesn't help that Emilia shouts almost every one of her lines, makes me roll my eyes when she shouts "I'M THE MOTHER OF THE DRAGONS!" For the love of God, we know.
But other than that everything was perfect. Especially the Winterfell scenes, Alfie Allen is doing a great job. I didn't think much of him in season 1, but he's blown me away this season.
45	TC_Chaos	2012-05-14	I gave this episode a 10. All the pieces are starting to fall in place for the last 3 episodes. And hearing Igrytte say, "You know nothing, Jon Snow." reminded me so much of the books.
46	ipsuel	2012-05-14	I gave it an 8 based on tv entertainment value. I don't like what they did with Jaime, fast-forwarded thru Dany (hated her in the books, too though) and I still don't like the Jeyne-posing-as-another bit -- seems unnecessary. Actually a lot of the changes seem silly to me.  But I love Theon's portrayal, love the Tywin/Arya combo, and like Ygritte. I'm worried about certain arcs, but I've decided that if I want to enjoy the show, I simply can't expect to see the real book-based story come to life. It's not gonna happen. So I'm taking the show as a based-in-Westeros drama, and leaving it at that. It gave me a good hour, so I gave it a solid 8 :-)
47	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-14	8/10. Jaime's storyline could've been expanded a little, and that brutal killing of Alton was just... well. The Kingslayer was accursed in the eyes of the righteous, but the kinslayer... The ending was harrowing, even knowing what I know.
48	Thunderfist	2012-05-14	I gave the episode a 3, I liked the Theon scenes and the scenes with Sansa/Shae/The Hound, I disliked the rest
49	The Monkey	2012-05-14	Good episode, 8/10
The Winterfell scenes were great, the ending was sufficiently powerful. I wonder if non-readers will be fooled by Bran and Rickon's supposed deaths. The Harrenhall scenes were great as always, glad that Tywin is showing some ability to see through Arya's lies. I like the humanization of Cersei, great acting from Lena Headey.
Two points off for the drawn out scenes beyond the Wall (although I do love the actress playing Ygritte), and the seemingly omnipotence of Pyat Pree.
50	boojam	2012-05-14	Pretty much condenses what needed it, and restructured what needed it, for a visual drama.
I will have to watch it again, because I couldn't understand what Osha said as she and the Bran crew disappeared.
The whole walnut-Theon-Cleftjaw interchange left me scratching my head, as if they were on the trail, and they decided , 'O well, we will forget about the boys and display a dead Bran and Rickon'. Huh?
Figuring that Nikolaj has gotten so little screen time this season they had to get something from his salary.
That sequence must have timed out at one of the longest of the season.
With really only two episodes to make some kind of closure, where the heck are they going with Oona Chaplin ?
Rose Leslie is really good! D&D really lucked out with their casting department.
The Jon and Ygritte bit plays well for the time being. It looks as if the story will play out as in the book, and George can really improvise on the page for the reader's enjoyment, but the 'rest of this story' does not make a lick of sense for me.
It is what it is.
Well ... wondered how D&D were gonna fix George's rather travelog-eee Qarth. 
Looks like its showdown time at the OK Corral , err... I mean House of the Undying.
Did care for how over dramatic they made the coup d'A©tat at the '13 chambers' , especially considering the fireworks for Dany in Storm of Swords. (I hope in seasons 3 and 4 they can get that all in.)
I think we have had interviews with three different actors on the show about lets not overuse the the dragons, ...., well uh how about under using them!? I think they have been on screen for a total of 30 seconds. Since E9 may be all taken up with one story, sure are gonna be a lot a dragons in E8 and E10, I guess!
(Unknown Dothraki warrior shows up for a third time.)
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 14 May 2012 - 06:43 AM.
51	rmanoj	2012-05-14	I'm normally one to complain about big changes from the books, but I actually liked this episode - 8/10. I've come to believe that the more sympathetic Cersei is an improvement over the ridiculous book character (I hope they never mention Maggy the Frog), and her descent into madness come Season 4/5 will be more effective this way. The only points that really annoy me are:
- Casual kinslaying Jaime. You can't really compare it with Lancel (or Bran). "Alton" had done nothing to offend him and posed no threat to him, and the escape plan was foolish and never likely to work in the first place. As people have been saying, this will really make his redemption harder to swallow.
- Jon is still portrayed as far too incompetent and gormless, although Ygritte was done well.
- Dany was annoying as usual (but I don't really pay much attention to her stuff anyway).
					
					
							Edited by rmanoj, 14 May 2012 - 07:05 AM.
52	WinterWarrior	2012-05-14	I thought this espisode was ok, I gave it a 7. I really felt it was in some ways a "tranisition" or "set up" episode for things to come. The Theon scenes were well done, but I really missed having the Bran/Rickon/Osha/Hodor group hiding in the crypts. I am almost positive now they will encounter the Reeds on the road.
Also the scenes with Jamie were long and somewhat boring but they have to do this to set up the future story line of Jaimie and Brienne, to show how awful a person he is and how he begins to change....and I am not sure what the point of Arya/Tywin is since they did not speak even once in the book! Why is it important to show this relationship developing on the TV show? I can't figure out where that story line is going.
Also - are there only 9 episodes this season? HBO said only 2 episodes to go...I thought there were 10 this season.
I like the Sandor/Sansa focus and that makes me optimistic that San/San will continue to be a story line in future books as well as on tv.
					
					
							Edited by WinterWarrior, 14 May 2012 - 07:13 AM.
53	bikie	2012-05-14	I enjoyed the episode but didn't think it was one of the stronger ones of the season. the bran and rickon cliffhanger was too telegraphed and I haven't spoken to a non-book reader that thinks they are dead yet... like renly's death, I think it should have had a bigger impact on the audience and was not handled properly...
dany is just as annoying to me in the show now as she was in the books and I didn't feel that way in season one at all. as someone pointed out, I can't tell if that is the actress' method with this character or she is showing some limitations on how to handle dany this season.
ygritte is fantastic, better than I expected from her character though I agree with some others that they are making jon snow way too incompetent
while I enjoy the chemistry of arya and tywin immensely, I just wonder if that storyline will yield anything significant to the story other than two actors having a great dynamic together...
I've really enjoyed the season but with everything that happened in book 2, I would have expected a faster pace rather than the character development path they have chosen....
54	Chelly	2012-05-14	8/10. I liked the episode a lot, I just didn't love it as much as last episode. Still great, though. The charred little boy bodies of "Bran" and "Rickon" was disturbing. You think after the bastard massacre in the season premiere, I'd be a little less shocked by some of the horrible things that happen to children on this show, but that visual still disturbed me.
More Jaime! More Brienne! I love Brienne telling dudes off and having Cat's back.
"and GAG HIM!" I was like lol. Catelyn is so badass.
Ygritte was too funny. "And then he said turn around." Another lol moment.
The Cersei and Sansa exchange was very good. "You won't love the king, but you will love his children."
The women were on point this episode for me. I even liked Shae helping Sansa out and threatening the other handmaid at knife point to not to the queen about Sansa getting her period.
55	Lord of Cheese	2012-05-14	Yes, Bran's lines were a dead giveaway that they would not be killed. Very very poor execution (no pun intended). It should have had teh same impact on tv as it did in the books. Werent we supposed to have the Bastard of Bolton in this one???
I thought the books had a little too much 'soldier leading the captive'. Now the tv series found a way to add Jon and Ygritte to that mix. *sigh*.
But, it was an ok episode overall as i didnt feel like raging as much.
					
					
							Edited by Lord of Cheese, 14 May 2012 - 07:35 AM.
56	Wun Wun Greyjoy	2012-05-14	I loved the changes to Qarth. The crying was really annoying to me in the story and if the series Xaro cried that much I'd laugh. Making Pyat Pree a BAMF was awesome, he did creepy so well. 
Arya/Tywin I can't say anything different, their dialogue is so fantastic it has been a great change... and Harrenhall is so visually fantastic.
I still do not like the changes to Jon, I feel that the love story is being pushed too quickly.
57	White Raven	2012-05-14	7/10 I really liked the Winterfell and Harrenhall scenes, creepy Pyat Pree and the Kin(g)slayer but all in all last week's episode was better.
58	Oberyn King	2012-05-14	Great acting, a good episode overall, but the changes in Jon's storyline kinda make him look like an idiot.
59	A Redeemed Hound	2012-05-14	I give it a solid 9.  One of my favorite episodes.  Although not a ton happened, I loved the character development in this one.  And the back stories for the non readers.  I don't care anymore about the changes from the book.
Jon was captured and I believe they will already have or will capture halfhand as well and then he and Jon can make their agreement.  I also love Ygrette.  She is great.  A bit too pretty and clean but she nails the role.
Love the Arya/Tywin scenes.  He is babbling and she is thinking of stabbing him in the neck.  Love it.  Also the Jaime/Brienne chemistry is already beginning.  Loved that too.
Qarth scenes were good.  Love Quathe.  Hope she is in more of the series too since she must give Dany her warnings and prophesies.
But how are there only 2 episodes left?  I thought there were 10 for the season?  2 would be 9.  There is too much to do!  Blackwater, Reek, Winterfell, House of the Undying, Weasel Soup, etc.  WTF!?!?!?!?!?
60	Reposado	2012-05-14	The best of the last few definitely, but mostly because of how spectacular every jamie scene was. jon's plotline is backfiring and really, I don't see how he can like Ygritte the way they have done her character
61	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-05-14	Ahhhhhhhhhh a big footnote to my original post.
A huge potential mark decrease now hangs over the release of the Kingslayer. If he is released prior to the news of Bran and Rickon's death, then this is a fatal error. It is the reason as to why Catelyn frees him. To provide any other reason is farcical. If this occurs, episode and series take a massive blow.
62	The Greenseer	2012-05-14	9 Really great. 
Now for the nitpicking:
The changes in the storylines actually keep the show interesting, though I don't love them all.  
The other posters have made some good points. 
   Theon was a perfect blend ruthless, clueless, and desperate. Dany is coming off a bit crazy bratty, Tywin scenes are good TV, he sure can eat and drink it seems, as often as Arya shuttles back and forth to the table, haha.  Not sure why they let the Hound find the moons blood.  Still hate the new mountain actor, he has no emotion and is too thin, whereas the old mountain was straight scary. Dont love Brienne's awkward portrayal.
  Another flaw that really bothers me for some reason: Hodor. Hodor sounded like a Shakesperian trained actor when he intelligently states Hodor twice. He is a half-wit he is supposed to mutter Hodor as a reflex, to something he can't express, yet somehow conveys his emotion. Such as Hodor? or Hodor! or Hodoooor... How hard is it to get that right?
  Not sure how the cat sized dragons are going to burn down the House of the Undying. Anyone?
					
					
							Edited by The Greenseer, 14 May 2012 - 08:35 AM.
63	The Greenseer	2012-05-14	Ahhhhhhhhhh a big footnote to my original post.A huge potential mark decrease now hangs over the release of the Kingslayer. If he is released prior to the news of Bran and Rickon's death, then this is a fatal error. It is the reason as to why Catelyn frees him. To provide any other reason is farcical. If this occurs, episode and series take a massive blow.I agree, but still think there is time to work in news of Bran and Rickon before his release. I think that may be one of the cliffhangers in the final episode, leaving non book viewers to believe the Stark boys are dead till next season. Meanwhile Cat frees Jaimie.
					
					
							Edited by The Greenseer, 14 May 2012 - 08:43 AM.
64	Thunderfist	2012-05-14	I agree, but still think tere is time to work that in before his release. That may be one of the cliffhangers in the final episode, Cat frees Jaimie.Considering that the general concensus seemed to be that Jaime wouldnÂ´t survive the night if he remained in the Stark camp, I assume heÂ´ll be set free early in the next episode. Unless itÂ´s a really long night (pun intended)
65	Stallion That Mounts Texas	2012-05-14	Gave it a solid 9 - I like the changes as it makes for good television.
1.  The Pyat Pree/Xaro takeover of Qarth was well done.  They had to do something to make that side of the world interesting.  Can't wait for the House of the Undying.
2. I'm loving the exchange between Tywin and Arya.  As smart as Tywin is he has to have some idea of who she really is.  He knows that there is no way she is a stone mason's daughter.
3. I don't know if I could see Jaime killing a relative, even a distant one.  I like the spin on his escape though.
4.  The seeds of the Red Wedding are slowly being sown - The fall of Winterfell, the release of Jaime, the supposed death of Bran and Rickon, Robb is coming back from the Crag wed to Jenyne/Lady Talisa.  All that is left is the Blackwater.
I have one major gripe.  It was supposed to be Ramsay who devised the plan for the Miller's Boys.  I wonder how much depth will the writers give the Ramsay character?
66	_Oberyn_	2012-05-14	Pyat Pree appears to be insanely overpowered - with such abilities he should have taken over all of Westeros and Essos long ago.No dragons = no magic.Also Emilia Clarke's acting. I'm genuinely torn as to whether she is purposely trying to make Daenerys the whiny moron she becomes now or whether it's just simple bad acting.Whatever it is its an ideal representation of Dany as intended, instead of the bs rose-tinted view that some readers have /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
67	Robin Of House Hill	2012-05-14	I feel a bit guilty for giving it a 10, because it departed from the book in a number of ways, but it was so damned entertaining, I enjoyed it.  The need to compress things into ten one-hour episodes means a lot gets left out, and that includes some characters.  While I would have preferred to see certain things that had to be left out, there is enough of the book in the series to keep me happy.
68	Atreides	2012-05-14	I thought it was a pretty great episode. I wasn't too bothered by Catelyn releasing Jaime now, because she fears that her daughters will die if Jaime does (a reasonable assumption considering Joffrey and Cersei), and that with Robb away Karstark is going to succeed in killing Jaime before the night is over.
69	Strider	2012-05-14	A solid 9.  This is great television.  I suspect that folks who have not read the books are better positioned to appreciate how truly excellent this television show is.  It's not easy for those of us who have read, and re-read, the books to enjoy the series on its own terms. The directors and writers should be applauded for how well they have adapted very difficult source material.  They have made changes, both to narrative and characters.  I have disliked some of them (I remain disappointed especially by the portrayal of Stannis); but have been pleasantly surprised by others (I love the changes they have made to Theon and his story). Only two more episodes left.  I hate to think that I will have to wait another ten months before season 3 begins.
70	The Black Wolf	2012-05-14	Great episode! Gave it a 10 just because I couldn't find a scene that I thought was really bad and most scenes were just plain amazing imo. They even managed to make me like Shae! I love all the King's Landing stuff, and Arya and Tywin just blow my mind every time they have a scene together. The only things that bugged me this episode were:
1) Pyat Pree being quite overpowered. Really, if he can teleport and be at several different places at the same time... why would he even need the help of XXD?? But still, to me it's not that much of a big deal...
2) Still can't get completely on board with this new Jeyne/Talisa/whatever, probably because I already had my idea of Jeyne from the books and I don't manage to fully separate the characters...
3) A little too much Jon and Ygritte for one episode, but I'll let it slide because I think I'm falling in love with the actress playing Ygritte. I found Ygritte to be quite annoying in the books at times, but on the show she's just great /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
71	The Monkey	2012-05-14	Ahhhhhhhhhh a big footnote to my original post.A huge potential mark decrease now hangs over the release of the Kingslayer. If he is released prior to the news of Bran and Rickon's death, then this is a fatal error. It is the reason as to why Catelyn frees him. To provide any other reason is farcical. If this occurs, episode and series take a massive blow.I think Cat will be the one to cut his hand off.
72	TheEvilKing	2012-05-14	Gave it an 8. Kind of dragged in the beginning but then the second half became awesome.
Good stuff:
- That ending. The Theon arc this season has been done amazingly. For a second when they dragged out the miller I thought it was Reek and did a fist pump, then I saw that it was an old man.
- Jaime's acting was great, especially in his final scene. And his reaction to Brienne.
- I'm liking Talisa more and more, I'll just ignore her shitty intro scene from ep 2. The whole is she/isn't she a Westerling thing is quite intriguing. Looking forward to seeing them at the Crag next episode. I also enjoyed the look Roose Bolton gave her.
- Tywin/Arya scenes are always epic. That shot of Harrenhal looked so dope.
- I think they've done a good job with Jon & Ygritte. I wonder if we'll see Rattleshirt next week.
- The Qarth scenes are very exciting. Loved the coup. Hope we see the Undying next week!
- And don't forget about KL. More Sansa/Hound scenes were always a plus. Tyrion had only one scene this week and it was very good. Cersei empathising with Sansa but still being a cold bitch was nicely done.
Not so good stuff:
- Jaime bludgeoning his cousin to death was a bit jarringly out of character from book-Jaime, who they've played straight so far.
- They maybe dragged out the Ygritte/Jon scenes for a bit too long.
- No Joffrey!!!!!!!!!!!!!
- The Bran & Co scene felt pretty awkward.
73	Qune	2012-05-14	I gave it a 5.
Jaime's scene was waaaay too long. 
Dany is a whiny little brat.
Jon is a tool.
74	Evamitchelle	2012-05-14	I think Cat will be the one to cut his hand off. Ugh. If she does I'll probably throw things at my screen. But I see no reason why they'd change that, that scene played mostly like in the books, where Catelyn draws Brienne's sword on Jaime to make him swear a litany of vows (as revealed in Storm) before letting them out of Riverrun. I gave the episode 8/10. Solid episode, I enjoyed most of it. Theon's arc continues to impress me. Rose Leslie made Jon watchable for me, which doesn't happen often, although they probably should have shortened the scenes a bit. Sansa/Cersei was great, as was Arya/Tywin. Took down a few points because Jaime's escape plan is pretty ridiculous (was he gonna walk all the way to King's Landing or something ?), because Cat keeps getting short-changed by the writers and because Cersei is being awfully maudlin, with Tyrion of all people.
75	ledlevee	2012-05-14	Not so good stuff:- Jaime bludgeoning his cousin to death was a bit jarringly out of character from book-Jaime, who they've played straight so far.It seems in character to me.  I always saw Jamie as someone who would stop at no means to preserve his and/or Cersei's interests.  He threw a ten year old boy out of a window, after all.
	Spoiler He doesn't really start to change until after he gets his hand chopped off and learns some humility.

					
					
							Edited by ledlevee, 14 May 2012 - 10:15 AM.
76	King Rickon	2012-05-14	I think the portrayal of Dany is spot-on.  In the book she's just as stupid, annoying and delusional "I'm the mother of dragons!  i will take what is mine!"  Bitch, nothing is yours.
I LOVED Jamie this week.  He's just as evil, charming, dangerous and funny as I always imagined.  They're setting up the situation so that Cat doesn't seem like an absolute retard for setting him free as she did in the book.  Perhaps the viewers won't be as glad to have her killed as I was (yay!  now she can stop ruining everything for everyone!).  Developing a love story for Robb and Jeyne is good, too, as again in the book Robb disappears for a few pages and comes home with the love of his life.  You just want to slap him.  Here, you have some time for this attraction to develop, so the viewers will be more understanding when he destroys the whole Frey alliance for Jeyne.
What an awesome episode.  This one was a bit of a set-up episode, but boy are they setting us up well!
77	PatrickStormborn	2012-05-14	I gave it a 10. There were a few too many Jon/Ygritte scenes for my liking, but the actress is good and the scenes didn't really detract from the rest of the episode.2 points in response to the criticism I've seen:1. Cat needs to release Jaime now if she wants Sansa and Arya back. If she doesn't, Jaime will be killed.2. I really don't see how Dany was being whiny this episode. Her children have been kidnapped. Her handmaiden is dead. She's helpless; she promised to protect her people but she can't. The Qarth scenes were fantastic, as far as I'm concerned.And I have to say that I'm really starting to love the relationship between Sansa and Shae (who is definitely an improvement on Martin's version).
78	Amythil	2012-05-14	A solid 9.  This is great television.  I suspect that folks who have not read the books are better positioned to appreciate how truly excellent this television show is.  It's not easy for those of us who have read, and re-read, the books to enjoy the series on its own terms.The directors and writers should be applauded for how well they have adapted very difficult source material.  They have made changes, both to narrative and characters.  I have disliked some of them (I remain disappointed especially by the portrayal of Stannis); but have been pleasantly surprised by others (I love the changes they have made to Theon and his story).Only two more episodes left.  I hate to think that I will have to wait another ten months before season 3 begins.As someone who have only read "Game of Thrones" (atleast almost) everything that happens in the tv-episodes is a total chock. I understand that it must be hard to accept changes when you already know "the real" story behind, but on the other hand the changes gives the readers a chance to also get surprised. Maybe it is easier to enjoy the books and the series seperately? Like you said, the makers of the series have made a great job, it is impossible to follow the books correctly, but as far as I know, IÂ´m really happy about what they have created. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />DonÂ´t know how I will survive until season 3 comes out (and this season hasnÂ´t even ended)
79	Jon_Connington	2012-05-14	Thought the episode was really good. The only thing that bothered me was the way Jaime killed his cousin. It seemed unnecessary and unlike the image I have of Jaime
80	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-05-14	No dragons = no magic.Yep.  He and presumably the other warlocks derive power from the dragons, which is why he wants to keep them and Dany at the HotU "forever."   A number of clues point to this - in particular, Quaithe's cryptic conversation with Jorah in episode 4 has a great deal more resonance now, i.e. "dragons are fire made flesh, and fire is power."
81	The Ragged Man	2012-05-14	A solid 8 or 8.5
82	gogorath	2012-05-14	This is a 10 for me.  There wasn't a lot of action, but it filled my requisites:
1)  At least two, if not more, mesmerizing scenes
2)  Strong thematic elements
3)  Couldn't believe how fast it went
4)  No "bad" scenes
I really enjoy the character development and conversation scenes.  Most of the time, I prefer those to action.  Every once it a while, they are combined -- Ned's beheading, Theon cutting off Rodrick's head -- but in general, if I have to choose between a swordfight and two characters verbally sparring, I'll take the latter.  This episode was in my wheelhouse then, and I can understand how people who prefer action wouldn't rate it so high.
Both of Jaime's scene, Arya and Tywin, both of Cersei's scenes... just nailing it.  Wonderful dialogue full of thematic elements, well played exposition, humor, and terrific acting.  There are subtleties in each, digging well below the surface.  Cersei, when talking to Sansa, is more talking about herself than talking to Sansa.  Tywin likes Arya and seems cuddly, but he still has her test his food for poison, is torturing men to death and orders Clegane to rape the countryside.  Martin has always been great at creating this contradiction in ourselves -- these characters often do terrible things but they are nice to characters we like, or are charming, or have a reason (Jaime tried to murder a child for LOVE!).  This episode had that in spades.  Are we to feel sorry for Cersei?  Do we forget what she's done?  How petty she can be?  Jaime?  Tywin? 
It was a Lannister episode for sure, and well done.
83	Gaius Martell	2012-05-14	THIS was probably the best episode in the series so far.  The show can keep deviating from the book if the changes are of this quality.  The Arya/ Tywin scene, the Tyrion/ Cersei scene, and the Qarth scenes were masterfully done.  Theon is doing a great job, and the Robb/ Jeyne and Jon/ Ygritte budding love stories are perfect.  Sandor/ Sansa is marvelous, too.  I can't muster a single complaint.
84	TeamDanyArya	2012-05-14	Solid 9 for me. I'm reserving a 10 for Blackwater but if I didn't know what was coming up, I'd probably give this a 9.75. I think over the last 2 or 3 episodes, the deviations from the books are standing out but in a positive way. And honestly, I don't view them as such big deviations anymore because the integrity of the series and characters and major plot points still stand. Everyone was great in this episode except for the Robb/Talisa-Jeyne thing. That still feels so forced to me and I think it's because of a lack of chemstiry between the two actors.
It was great seeing Jaime back and I think he stole the episode with his banter with Cat and Brienne especially when he was getting under Cat's skin about Ned's bastard and the name of him.
Arya's and Tywin's scenes have always been some of the best of the season and this episode was no exception. Arya just breaks your heart.
Sansa and Cersei were excellent as well. I've always felt bad for Sansa because she gets used so much and she can't trust anyone. I almost cried in the books when she 'flowered' for the first time knowing the implications of it and last night, I almost cried again. I can't imagine how terrified she is. I think Sophie Turner does a lovely job with Sansa and I don't think she gets enough credit for her performance.
Ygritte is just awesome. She's my favorite of the non-POV characters and the actress playing her I think nailed her down. I love how she gets under Jon's skin and he kind of just sits there and takes it because she's a woman but also because he is truly trying to be honorable and respectful. I think that puzzles her a bit but makes the challenge of pissing him off more fun. And, we got to hear "You know nothing Jon Snow." /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
Pretty much, this episode rocked. The season started quiet and slow, not a bad thing personally, and has ramped up in energy from there.
85	byironnotbygold	2012-05-14	8.
Did anyone else think that the Arya/knife scene actually looked liked the pivotal scene in TOSCA by Puccini?
86	owen meany	2012-05-14	9
Alfie Allen continues to amaze me. I hope he gets some recognition for his work. The scene where he said " don't worry, it's all a game", was the first time I've actually been disturbed by this show. I work the night shift in ER in Chicago. And am used to seeing the crazy stuff people do to one another; but that line really affected me. So kudos to the writers, actors, and directors. Charles Dance and Massie continue to be golden. The view of Harrenhal was awesome. They made a point to show Robb Stark's storyline more this season, I just wish they would show him with his lords more discussing his battle plans, etc. To show he really was good military wise but was awful politically. That said I did enjoy Bolton just staring at Talisa/Robb interaction. Loved NCW  this episode really missed him. Don't really mind the whole change to his escape/release, due to time constraints I think it will work.
 I watch with my non book reader roommate, she loved the episode. Her remarks were "Robb Stark better open his eyes. Shits starting to fall apart. He needs get his shit together. A boy could take a lesson from Tywin". I was just laughing telling her you have no idea.
87	Jussi	2012-05-14	10/10
Best episode in the season so far.
88	TKO	2012-05-14	i'm suprised Roose hasn't got much  attention for his part in the episode. You could tell he knew how Robb and Talisa felt. Chilling
Also am pleased with Karstark (although I did picture him younger). I only wish that they introduced him before, and made it known of how he killed Strafford Lannister. It would benefit of knowing how much of a threat he is.
89	SerArthurHeath	2012-05-14	Not sold on the Jaime change or the possible Jon changes but otherwise good. And the Jaime change is out of character, because Family is highlighted to mean something to Lannisters, but not that much because he is a self-centred sociopath. I wish they'd shown a bit of his actual attempted escape with a sword, but can't have everything.
8/10
90	SirPipeWeed	2012-05-14	You know, as entertaining as this series is, it does a complete injustice to the books.  There are just too many characters and too many points of view to wasting time and re writing stuff like asha meeting theon when he comes back to the iron islands for the first time.  They spent like 5 minutes on that scene and for what?  To make Theon look like a pussy hound, and further embarrass him?  and 10 episodes a season?  at least do 15, I mean I don't know, I love this series, but it's irritating at the same time.
I give it a 6
91	Nymeria's	2012-05-14	I give it a 6. I didn't like Jaime Lannister killing his cousin like that; that did not  sit well with me but it is wartime so i'll get over it. Don't Lannisters usually pay for someone else to do their dirty work? What was the point of having him escape then bringing him back? Is Cat gonna let him escape again????? Ugggh! Sansa and Shae are not working for me--but I can see where that is leading. Sansa has become a beautiful girl though.
Theon was a magnificent douchebag. I appreciate his not letting me down there. Loved Tyrion as always.
Sick of Jon and Ygritte already; they should have done it in the muck and get it over with.lol Would have like to see Ghost more; Jon would not have never been caught if Ghost was there. Blah-Blah-complain the-series-is-not-true-to-the-book-Blah-Blah.
My 2 cents are over.
92	rumple9	2012-05-14	I gave it a nine. The acting was as ever superb and Michelle Fairey continues to do a great job . My favourite scene this week was again Tywin and Arya - they paly so well together, they are like a kindly old grandfather with his granddaughter.
Iain Glen as jorah continues to be cool as f*ck and you know somethings in the offing when he appeared in his armour to go and search for the dragons. However the scene between him and Danerys felt a bit  Jane Austen.
The scene with Jaime and the squire was drawn out too long, but with what happened I can understand the thinking behind it - to show Jaime as a ruthless, selfish person.
Only thing I don't like is Ygritte- she really grates on me and ruins the show for me.
93	Hyper	2012-05-14	Hmm... I voted a 7. Not as good as last episode.
The scenes felt too short overall this time, and the cutting back and forth was a bit odd. The SanSan scene was a good example... Just 10(?) seconds long, and then we are off to another part of Westeros/Essos. There seemed to be 4 shorter Jon/Ygritte scenes - I would have preferred two longer ones instead.
My favorite scenes: Cersei/Sansa and Cersei/Tyrion - a really good episode for Cersei overall, I think.
Least favorite? Probably Robb/Talisa. And the Arya scene did nothing for me this time.
The Qarth changes are fairly drastic, but I don't feel like I can judge it fairly without seeing where it will end up. So far I am on board. (Need more Qaithe, though!)
94	waaimasjien	2012-05-14	9.
Amazing episode. I liked the Jon/Ygritte scenes, made me chuckle.  Crane shot of Harrenhal looked amazing. 
Acting in the SanSan scenes felt a bit... stiff?  I do like the Hound getting more screentime though.
Jaime/Cat/Brienne - fucking amazing. 
I'm not entirely convinced by the King of Qarth-thing. I think there should have been a bit more set-up for it. Maybe I wasn't paying attention, but to me it felt like it was coming out of nowhere. Pyat Pree's multiplying act was chilling though, really like the actor playing him.
I'd like to note that this was the first episode where my boyfriend wasn't bored at any moment in the episode. It also was the first time he wasn't doing the 'who the hell is that?' routine he does, he just kept his mouth shut and thought the whole hour was very exciting. He was genuinely shocked by the two burned boys.
95	Mediumjon Umber	2012-05-14	Meh, I gave this episode 6/10. Nothing really happened this time... Think I'll forget this one really fast.So Theon found Bran and Rickon and killed them. Gee, I wonder why they didn't show us that particular event when it occured /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Jon Snow in trouble again. Wait what?! Jon Snow? In trouble? Who would've thought...Jaime escaped... only to be captured again.Jon Snow is a virgin.Sansa getting her first period. How... uh... Fascinating...Cersei opened up to Tyrion and told him things we already knew in the first season.Dany will get her dragons back, yep. The reason they were stolen was just because someone wants her to visit his house, not because anyone hates her or wants her dead or wants to use the dragons to gain power. No, he would just like a visit from her...Meanwhile throaths are being cut, cancer patients are being multiplied, women in masks are using goat brains to paint the backs of men who are to travel past Valyria, and stuff is happening in a city that really isn't important to anything whatsoever that will happen later in the series.And finally, Jon Snow doesn't like it when you call his private parts club, bone and rocks.There. Did I miss anything?
96	Dornish Hen	2012-05-14	I liked the episode, and gave it an 8.
Nothing made me jump to the edge of my seat this week, but I loved all the history that was revealed in this episode.  I don't know how non-book readers will take the information (or if they'll even care), but I loved that we heard a little more of the Mad King and Jaime's reasons behind his actions.  Although he lost the sympathy vote yet again after killing his cousin.
Go Arya!  She'd better watch her step though.
I also loved the mention of the BWB!!  Set that one up for some good action next season!
Ygritte and Talisa....meh.
Also, does any one know why The Greatjohn isn't in the show this season?
					
					
							Edited by Dornish Hen, 14 May 2012 - 04:41 PM.
97	Lord Belmore	2012-05-14	I gave it a 9. I'm wondering how they're going to do John and Qhorin, I'm a bit worried about whether or not they bring in the Reeds next season and don't care for Osha, and it was a little King's Landing-light. Everything else, including the plentiful changes, was superb. I have to ask, though: does anyone really still think the show is making Theon more sympathetic? I used to see that opinion frequently, and I've always really disagreed. I love the execution of Theon in the show, but I really don't think he's any more likable or sympathetic than in the books.
98	Dornish Hen	2012-05-14	I have to ask, though: does anyone really still think the show is making Theon more sympathetic? I used to see that opinion frequently, and I've always really disagreed. I love the execution of Theon in the show, but I really don't think he's any more likable or sympathetic than in the books.My book reading has clouded my show watching judgement.  Just knowing what happens to Theon makes him a little more sympathetic to me, even this far into the show.  But my non-book reading friend continues to call for someone to kill Theon during every episode.  I think the non-book readers hate him more, and don't think of him as a sympathetic character at all.
					
					
							Edited by Dornish Hen, 14 May 2012 - 05:06 PM.
99	BoldAsYouPlease	2012-05-14	Yep. He and presumably the other warlocks derive power from the dragons, which is why he wants to keep them and Dany at the HotU "forever." A number of clues point to this - in particular, Quaithe's cryptic conversation with Jorah in episode 4 has a great deal more resonance now, i.e. "dragons are fire made flesh, and fire is power."I don't think the magic ==  dragons formula holds. My understanding is that the coming of dragons into the world specifically amplified the fire-magic practiced by the followers of R'hllor, giving them the power to divine the future in fire, animate dead flesh and give birth to the smoke monster from LOST. After all, it would hardly make sense for Pyat Pree and the other warlocks of the world to go to the trouble of learning to practice something which didn't exist.For example, the magician who castrated Varys to summon a demon clearly did so at a time when no dragons existed. The Others made their appearance in this cycle before the birth of Dany's dragons. Bloodraven was renowned as a sorceror, merged with a tree and kept his consciousness going for decades with no dragons. There doesn't seem to be any evidence that these sorts of "non-fire" magic have been affected one way or another by dragons. And whatever Pyat Pree is practicing does not seem to be related to fire, either - I believe he's had the ability to dominate the world and creep people out long before Dany's dragons also /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
100	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-05-14	Well, after all my gushing on earlier episodes, I gave this one only an 8 - which is pretty decent, but I had problems.
Whilst I thought that many scenes were wonderfully done (and all those people here who talk about acting, the scene where Roose Bolton had one line and did all the rest with his eyes, is what acting is all about, sorry) I nevertheless come away from this episode feeling a sense of contrivance.  For the first time, I truly felt that I was in a soap opera - hey, that's OK, I got that feeling from the books too.  I just found that there was a bit of choppiness again, which was like the earlier episodes.
To start from the beginning:  Throw tar all over me, but Alfie slipped back in the first scene here, after doing so well last week.  We got the mad rolling eyes and the wooden delivery yet again.  I forgive him as he's not very experienced, and he will soon learn how to do the more subtle nuances.  Non-Brits may not get why I nitpick with this, because they are not Northern Brits, so don't feel/hear how 'off' his inflections can be.  But I'm being ultra strict - Theon is still a shit, and Alfie puts that over pretty well.  I just got a whiff of melodrama going on - and at the very end - dare I say it? - also from the exquisite Donald Sumpter too, who is certainly experienced enough to know better.  Whilst I was in awe of the Theon scenes last week, I felt they were not among the strongest this time around.  Sorry, this isn't an Emmy winning performance, and it would get nowhere near a BAFTA nomination.
The Dink and Lena's exchange, however.... that scene was beautifully crafted, especially with the facial expressions of Dink.  'Should I comfort her?  Perhaps not?'  Again - here we see how good actors can say so much more without dialogue.  After the words had ended in that scene, the silent dialogue went on.  Perfect from the pair of them.
Tywin and Arya need no further comment.  I am glad that Tywin made the remark about 'enjoying' his servant girl's personality, because that was always obvious to me.  The man is a human being and Arya is a character we can all identify with.  Yeah, it may be a bit contrived for a TV audience - providing an insight into Tywin the human, but that's what TV does.  On a CGI note - the views of Harrenhal were magnificent and truly epic.
The scenes at Robb's camp - all were wonderful (with the exception of the Karstark, who was pretty mediocre).  Loved the Jaime scenes and have no criticism of them whatsoever.  Once again, Michelle Fairley was brilliant and deserves far more praise than she gets.
I've read some criticism on this thread about Emilia Clarke.  Again, this is an inexperienced young actress who has flashes of brilliance that can only get better as she ages and gets better roles.  She reminds me of a young Helena Bonham Carter, and how we saw her mature from 'Lady Jane' through to 'Howard's End' and beyond.  I've always managed to see the little subtle changes going on in Emilia's facial expressions, but even so I was expecting the Qarth scenes to blow me away after comments I'd read here.  They didn't by a long chalk.  I'm not sure the writing flowed quite as well as it might have done.  Hmm - how can I put it?  Last series, all the Essos scenes seemed very real.  We could believe in the Dothraki and the dragons - whatever was thrown at us.  In this episode, for the first time, I felt I might have been watching a hokey fantasy show after all.  Still - small mercies, and all that; at least the annoying Spice King is dead.  Nothing wrong with the actor, just the character.  But I just want Barristan to get here and fast, to add a touch of dignitas to the proceedings.  I love Iain Glen to death but was never a Jorah fan in the books, and although Ian has made him more sympathetic, he nevertheless manages to convey that tiny air about Jorah that we can't fully trust, and he's still pretty bloody useless. [ETA: JOrah, I mean - not Iain]
Jon and Ygritte - these were some of my favourite scenes, and especially in the first one we actually got Kit to show some emotion, which must be applauded /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />  I didn't cringe when Ygritte said 'the line' either; she put enough nuance in it to make it sound meaningful.  I still love this show Ygritte.  The wildlings popping up was done very well - quite unexpected, and it worked.
I've refused to link this episode to the books in any way, because I've long since stopped comparing - that way madness lies.  I just watched it as a TV show.  In parts it was disjointed, but there was enough development within each scene character wise to allow an 8 for overall satisfaction.
As to Bran and Rickon at the end - I deliberately wanted my sister (a non book reader and experienced thespian herself) to see this, to see if she was sold by the ruse.  Well, the ruse passed her by because she thought the tarred bodies were extremely unrealistic.  'They're not real bodies,' she said.  'But who are they supposed to be?' I asked.  'That old fella's orphans,' she said. So, marks off there, HBO.  She never made the Bran/Rickon connection at all.
As a postscript - kudos to Sophie Turner in this one.  I thought she was excellent.
Hate to nitpick this time, but I'm trying to be honest.  There was still so much that was good that I've given it 8, and I can't wait for next week.
					
					
							Edited by Drogon's Personal Trainer, 14 May 2012 - 05:40 PM.
101	Hour of the Wolf	2012-05-14	Best of the season, maybe 3rd favourite of the series.  I am assuming the last episodes of the season will be very good.  I haven't enjoyed this season at all, but this will likely turn it around.
My biggest question before the season started was how are they going to handle the scene with Bran and Rickon being displayed in Winterfell.  It was very well done.  It was at the end of the episode like I thought it would be.  Not a flaying, which I could not believe HBO would do, but burning is just as shocking.  Luwin and Theon's reactions really were perfect and it was very emotional for me to see this, one of the most memorable moments from the books.
It is pretty clear what they are going to do with Dagmer.  I am a little disapointed, but I am liking the acting of the person playing him, so I am fine with the change.
Brienne still does not cut it.  Her impact was small though.  I am not looking forward to her being more involved in the following seasons.
Jon's story is going to be a bit of a surprise.  I like how it goes in the books, so I hope it is still as good.
I really like the changes in Qarth.  It makes Dany's story more interesting by spicing up the people around her.  I look forward to "Arstan's" arrival and I wonder how it will be different.
Edit:  I have to add, the wide shot of Harrenhal was amazing.  I gave the episode a 9
					
					
							Edited by Hour of the Wolf, 14 May 2012 - 06:07 PM.
102	Kvothe the Arcane	2012-05-14	I gave it a 9 purely for Maester Luwin's ''NOOOOOO'' at the end.
103	Ran	2012-05-14	This one's a 7. While I think Qarth is something of a hot mess, and I'm worried about some of the developments in terms of where they're taking it... it felt more like ASoIaF than that last episode, at least. The Arya-Tywin scenes have become repetitive, as well, and there's some various other bits and bobs that bother me... but there's enough solid storytelling -- and also some excellent, word-for-word scenes taken from the novels -- that it's closer to form. Still, overall the season feels like it's underperforming a little. Yes, ACoK is a more spread out book and not my favorite, but their choices to try and streamline it for TV have not been as successful as some of their choices last season under similar circumstances.My full look at the episode can be found here.
104	teemo	2012-05-14	7/10, comparing it strictly to other GoT episodes.  This show is obviously way better than the vast majority of the garbage on television.  And I really enjoyed Hodor's dialogue this episode.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 14 May 2012 - 07:14 PM.
105	MegasAV	2012-05-14	I voted a 7 good episode some great acting, and I am enjoying the new story they created for Quarth as the books events didn't really captivate me there. 
Things I didn't like
1) No Stannis or Davos seven episodes in, and I don't think the non reader has any idea who these men are, no mention of the feared battle commander that Stannis is, nor of any of his backstory which I think really adds to his character.
2)Not a fan at all of the New Mountain, physically huge but not imposing in any way, also the dialogue between him and Tywin regarding finding the BWB really bothered me.  I mean the Mountain in the book made a point in GOT about plucking out the eyes of outriders and Twin was questioning his brutality, seriously
3)Seven episodes in and clearly not enough has been done in the Sansa Sandor storyline, what type of emotion is a non book reader to feel when Sandor shows up in her room after Blackwater battle I think thus far they have had maybe ten mins screen time together.
Overall thus far this season has been good, but nowhere near as good as the first season in my opinion.
106	duncanthemedium	2012-05-14	9... Loved Ygritte, love to hate Theon, and its great what they're doing both with Jaime and Dany sorylines. Absolutely LOVED the scene between Tywin and Arya. 
They are setting up some things well. I mean Dany's storyline is so much more wonderful in this timeline...call me a heretic, but this Dany story is better than the original. 
I wonder where the Sansa-Shae alliance is going... they might be looking to explain what Shae did to Tyrion later..
The whole Karstark thing was well-handled. This explain's that incident with much economy as well as giving good ol' Nikolai some screen time.
Roose Bolton is not creeping me out enough though... 
All in all...I wish every day was Sunday!!!
107	duncanthemedium	2012-05-14	oh and I agree... I want the old Gregor Clegane back!!!
108	Zach H	2012-05-14	Solid 8.  Jaime continues to really bring to mind the character I envisioned even with stuff not from the novels.  Wonder if non-book fans kind of forgot about him up until now, though, despite the various mentions throughout the season?  Ygriite actress nails the character as well, although the constant sex talk while wandering the wasteland kind of distracted in an "It's HBO!" manner.  Maybe the book was like that as well, been so long since I read it I can't remember.  I dug the Cersei/Tyrion scene.  Nice to see the two characters letting their guards down a bit and just talking.  Establishing shot of the wrecked castle with Arya and company was amazing.
109	Warden of the North121	2012-05-14	I gave it a 9. The last three episodes have been excellent imo.
Dany's scenes were both shocking and exciting; a major improvement from her CoK storyline.
Jon and Ygritte was really enjoyable as well though they maybe could have had one less scene. I saw Qhorin captured with Jon for a second in the promo for Ep 8 so their storyline at it's core will be the same,
Jaime's scenes were incredible except for killing Alton/Cleos which  was a little jarring but you have to remember that this is pre-redemption Jaime who doesn't give shit about morals. Minus 1 for killing Alton
Arya/Tywin is again very entertaining and provided a good historical monologue as well as a BwB reference.
It looks like they go their separate ways next episode which is probably for the best because it is starting to get a little stale.
Tyrion/Cersei was very touching and humanized Cersei a little bit which I don't mind that much.
Sansa's scenes were very well acted but her scene with the Hound seemed a little rushed.
Theon's scene at the end was heartbreaking even though I obviously knew it wasn't Bran and Rickon.
					
					
							Edited by Warden of the North121, 14 May 2012 - 07:58 PM.
110	Hoo	2012-05-14	The worst yet
111	Leto Atreides	2012-05-14	I give it a 6.
Other than the Theon storyline, nearly everything else is going down the drain.
112	Hedge Lawyer	2012-05-14	For sheer entertainment, 9/10 again - it's just so gripping, even if you've read the books. This series has really gone up a notch in the second half (so far).I don't feel too strongly about the changes because they've been relatively well written in. Alton dying worked pretty well, that was a strong scene. In fact, this was the first episode where I'd say almost every scene was acted absolutely superbly. Perhaps one too many Ygritte-Jon scenes but I'm glad they're developing that relationship. I have a real thing for Ygritte - she's uh... feisty. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> She reminds me of girls from Scotland (where I'm from), so that's probably why. I again loved Tywin-Arya, even if they need to get moving a bit with that storyline.Qarth worked out well, I just dunno what happened really. It was wonderfully creepy though. Theon gets A+ again. Um, what else... yeah, no I couldn't find much to complain about. I'm sure a bunch of you will though haha.I agree with this.I gave the episode a 9- it made an hour seem like 10 minutes.  I know that the show is deviating from the books, in some cases pretty significantly, but the show holds up.  I think having GRRM involved makes the differences still feel believable.  I think that I like show Cersei better than book Cersei (and I like book Cersei), and I know that I like show Qarth better than book Qarth.  Dany's story is much more interesting in the show that it was in ACoK. Ygritte is pitch perfect.The show keeps me wanting more.  I look forward to each episode.
113	packersfan	2012-05-14	Entertainment wise 9/10.  Faithfulness to the book drops it to a 6/10.  
This episode introduced a flurry of HUGE plot diversions from the book.  The only plot the seemed to actually follow the book was Theon "killing" Bran and Rickon.  Otherwise, Jamie kills this Alton character (WHY???) and accelerates the story of Karstark forward.  In the book, Jaime and the Lannister men killed some Karstark men in battle.  These men were captured and at some point Karstark killed them in prison and then Robb had to kill him for killing POWs.  I believe this all happened after Lady Stark unilaterally sent Cleos Frey (now dead in the show), Jaime, and Brienne to Kings Landing to trade for Sansa and Arya.  Just clumsy writing!
I was really hoping they would finally let Ygritte go and Jon join back up with Halfhand like in the books.  Now that he is captured, I feel like they are going to make Jon look more like a traitor than in the book where Halfhand ordered him to join the wildlings and ultimately kill him in combat.  Now, I feel like they are going to have Jon fall for Ygritte first and then run into Halfhand and have to kill him.  Again, just souring the story.
I don't remember the thirteen getting off'd in the book.  All I remember from the Undying is that somehow they got the dragons?  Dany went to them and they almost killed her when one of the dragons burned down their dwelling?  Another completely strange and unexplainable story written by HBO for no reason.
What is with the Tyrion and Cersei sob session about Joff?  Completely making Cersei look like a poor victim when she really is a bitch...what happened to that Cersei???  Too much time being spent making us "feel" for Cersei and Tywin Lannister.  Sheesh, Tywin taking a liking to this obviously high-born girl?  Feeding her?  Roose Bolton didn't even do that in the book and he was from the North, thus a "good guy" at first in Arya's eyes.
I didn't read the book before Season 1, so I don't know how much was changed, but I feel that not so much was changed as to endanger future plots, meaning when I read Clash of Kings and basing past events on what I saw in the Season 1, nothing clashed, but this season lots of MAJOR plot and character changes.  O well.
114	eyeheartsansa	2012-05-14	solid 9.
I've been no less than thrilled with this season and I've made a conscious decision not to care about diversions from the book because I enjoy it more that way.  I have very few nitpicks or complaints... I guess I don't have the most critical personality and I've come to trust the writers.
Killing Alton was shocking and jarring.. I'm not sure book jaime would have done this, but.. I don't care.  those scenes were incredibly acted, I got goosebumps.
					
					
							Edited by eyeheartsansa, 14 May 2012 - 10:50 PM.
115	pleonasm	2012-05-15	A solid 4 out of 10.
The Good - The Tyrion and Cersei scene. Great nuanced writing and performances from both actors. Yes - This is a different Cersei than in the books, but I'm all for it. Winterfell was solid and I would have called it great if they didn't so obviously telegraph the use of the orphans in Bran's scene.
The Bad and the Ugly -
1. The trainwreck that is Qarth. Yes - The Qarth storyline is the weakest set of chapters in Clash, however the coup d'etat felt like it was brainstormed at 2 in the morning. Why should I care about the politics of a city that quite frankly we will never see again in three episodes? Was a mass magical assasination really that 'cool'? The answer is no. At least the dragon-napping was a reasonable and dramatic reason for the trip to the House of the Undying, but the clusterfuck of scenes this week was just painful. More Danny agnst, paint drying characterization of Xaro, and Joreah in longing (again).
2. The couplings. Rob and Not-Jeyne, Jon and Ygritte, and Tywin and Arya. Benioff and Weiss need to hit up a class on how to polish up a screenplay ASAP. No one scene was particulary awful, but all ate up excessive screentime to barely inch the story and characters forward. In case of the Arya and Tywin, its more of a case of too much of a good thing. One or two scenes would have been fine, but this is third consecutive week of their dance, and given it can't go anywhere, its become increasingly pointless.
3. So Tyrion's attempt to rescue Jamie Lannister with Cleo Frey's escort guard is replaced with another 'talky' scene confirming Jamie is ruthless? And what is Jamie's master plan? Murder a cousin on the chance only one guard will enter the cell? Yikes... While I liked the performances, this was just silly. A rescue/near escape for Jamie would have made for compelling television, especially if it occured an episode or two earlier, but this was just 'meh'.
4. Shae. So why exactly does Shae give a shit about Sansa? Is she a prostitute with a 'heart of gold'? Was she asked to look out for Sansa by Tyrion? Who the hell knows... the actress is a blank slate and we have nothing in the text to give us a single clue what is motivating this character. Why change the character so substantially if your not going to provide any real insight into what the new version is really about.
116	Davos55	2012-05-15	I gave this episode a 7.
A lot of things felt off to me for some reason, and a thing a lot of time allocation issues are becoming more and more prevalent.
The changes to Jon's storyline annoy me the most and I don't like where it is going.  This season Jon has been a complete moron and has made countless bad decisions, and sometimes I wonder if Kit Harrington even cares during certain scenes.  Very disappointing, especially since Jon's chapters are some of my favorites in ACOK.
Jon's story brought it down a lot for me, but this episode did have some great parts, especially with Theon's story and great acting in Jaime's scenes.  I was so pumped to see him back that I nearly gave this episode a 9 on that alone..but other issues brought it down to a 7 for me.
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 15 May 2012 - 03:01 AM.
117	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-15	I gave it a 6, the lowest this season. I generally felt that the episode was slow and probably a set up for the last three episodes. Ironically, the story that worked the least was the bran/rickon/theon chase while it was the most faithful to the books. I think they gave too much foreshadowing information about the orphans and the walnut clue wasn't really obvious. On top of that, the bodies looked really fake. All of which point to the fact that the bodies weren't bran and rickon. I've read several posters whose nonreading friends didn't buy it at all and my nonreading GF reacted the same. I don't know how they could have make it seem more believable though. The series shows so many brutal deaths explicitly, and any offscreen death immediately raises suspicion.
I like what they did to Quarth. Now, Dany has some real stakes at play and her burning HotU makes sense. Pyat pree and XXD are true threats to her.
I'm sort of neutral towards Jaime's scenes. I guess his long absence has made me forget about him a little. The fact that he tried and failed to escape was in the books but I think it's wise of D&D to have it have immediate repurcussions (cat freeing him). The story is a lot tighter this way. Sidenote: I wonder if we'll see the boat chase this season. That felt very cinematic when I read it.
Jon's story was meh, but I didn't care much for it in the books either. The focus is so much on the wildlings/ygritte, you'd almost forget about the others and wights. It's a shame because they were the very first thing introduced in the books and in the show.
Robb's love affair is really slow... People see this relationship coming from miles away. They need to move beyond the flirtatious pleasantries and get into some physical stuff (not sex per se). Either that or show some sort of twist (like she is actually a spy or something)
Anyway, did not like the episode that much. It has nothing to do with changes but with pacing.
Rant out
118	icefiregirl	2012-05-15	like a kindly old grandfather with his granddaughter.Tywin and Arya are very entertaining but Tywin is not a kindly old grandfather, and Arya is not anyone's grandaughter!  Tywin, suspecting that Arya is highborn, would find her value to him and use her for his own purposes.  Does he know that Arya is missing, or has no one dared to tell him? He doesn't even seem to suspect that she might be a Stark.Loved the scenes between Jon and Ygritte - so funny.  Loved her taunting and his squirming.(The only problem is her strong Hull accent - sorry, anyone from Hull, don't mean to offend.)There was a beautiful shot of Robb's encampment by the lake - quite unusual to  have a scenic opening shot, I thought.Excellent episode as always.. LOVE IT
119	Giskard Reventlov	2012-05-15	Well. I gave it an 8 because it was good as a tv show GoT. As a book adaptation, it  is deviating more and more...it would get 5-6 in that department maybe less.
Most of the time its not that bad. I mean, characters get where they were going in the books only by some different route. I mean, both physically and mentally. It is more or less OK if they don't change their motivations and behavior.
However there are some bad examples. Couple of episodes ago it was Littlefinger, who lost all his subtlety,  and now it is Caitlyn.
For, it seems to me that she will let Jaimie go,  not only for love and fear for her daughters,  but it will look as her hand was forced by Karstarks. So she'll let him go in order to prevent him getting killed for nothing in return.  And that is...mmmmehhhhh
Yes, and new Mountain was terribly casted. Get me someone tall....said the casting director...with a beard perhaps, that'll make him look more scary...
					
					
							Edited by Giscard Reventlov, 15 May 2012 - 06:14 AM.
120	scotcat	2012-05-15	I gave it 8 out of 10.
I really enjoyed this episode and there were some excellent scenes in it - the cersei/Tyrion scene and the Tywin/Arya scene in particular. Theon is progressing nicely.The gorgeous shot of Harren Hall was a treat.
Its not perfect - the new Mountain is just wrong casting, I'm just not sufficiently creeped out by Bolton and Qarth could be stronger as a storyline.
121	gordonah	2012-05-15	Another 9 from me. I'm not saving a 10 for the battle like some are, but there were a couple of minor niggles that kept it from getting a 10.
Loved the Theon scene and his reaction when challenged.
Tywin / Arya scenes are great.
I thought the mountain was ok this week. He doesn't look as brutish as the original, but i've got over that now.
I found Dany felt she was owed a kingdom in the book. I like the Qarth storyline. Not bothered that it's diverged from the book.
Not keen on Robb love interest. It almost seems like an obvious trap he's walking in to.
Jon / Ygritte were on screen a bit too much.
122	legba11	2012-05-15	6
I think this is the lowest rating I've given an episode since 3 or 4 last season.  It wasn't bad television, but below the standards of this show.
I found Ygritte (and her story with Jon) dull, generic and below the AAA level of Martin's writing in the books.  I think the show has made the story line even less interesting.  Could anything be more paint-by-numbers than the super hot, spitfire barbarian woman?  I am more interested in the melting Iceland scenery than this storyline.  Did we need three entire scenes of blueball jokes?  Thankfully that part of the story is over and we will get to the good stuff now.
Arya and Tywin is again the best part of the show.  But the story went nowhere this week.  Just them playing around.
Kings Landing stuff was well done, but I am not all that interested in a girl getting his first period, despite the serious ramifications of it.  Perhaps if I didn't want Sansa to have a miserable life with Joffery's demon spawn inside her I would be more interested in this.  When you make a character very hard to like, having them play the damsel in distress is not all that captivating. (not a shot at the actress, she is excellent).
Jaime returns!  Woohoo!  He was another highlight, both of his scenes were top notch.
Theon is doing a great job as the tormented heel.  That story line has only been matched by Arya's as consistently excellent this season.
Dany's scenes were ok.  Jorah continues to be 10x more interesting than he is in the books, and this storyline is a vast improvement over the second worst storyline in the 5 books so far. (That being Dany's in Book 2) (I won't say what is the worst, as it would be a spoiler for now).
123	DominikOmega	2012-05-15	Honestly, I think the whole sieres has been so heavy handed. Like really the smartest strategist in the seven kingdoms is gonna have a conversation about his plans in front of a cup bearer? And then realize shes high born and not look into it? SO NOT Tywin. Just like Stannis boning Melisandrae. They are carrying things too far from where they should be. And bringing in strom content already just so we can see  more jaime? Books or no books we all get it Jaime's a d-bag. let it go and focus on somethings that are important.
I gave this ep a 4.
124	gogorath	2012-05-15	Honestly, I think the whole sieres has been so heavy handed. Like really the smartest strategist in the seven kingdoms is gonna have a conversation about his plans in front of a cup bearer? And then realize shes high born and not look into it? SO NOT Tywin.This plotline has not run its course.Just like Stannis boning Melisandrae. They are carrying things too far from where they should be.Did you really just say "bone"?  Also, Stannis "boned" Melisandre in the books.And bringing in strom content already just so we can see  more jaime? Books or no books we all get it Jaime's a d-bag. let it go and focus on somethings that are important.I gave this ep a 4.Jaime's not important?  What is important?  While Jaime's failed escape attempt is a plot point that could be cut, it does serve some purpose, and it is in the book.  Are you arguing for a less faithful adaptation?
125	morr	2012-05-15	Tywin / Arya scenes are greatYet I don't understand why he made her to eat his meal? To check for poisons? Couldn' he hire a tester? My first thought was that he wanted to see how she would use cutlery, like a common woman or like a lady?Nevertheless, Arya used cutlery like a lady /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by morr, 15 May 2012 - 10:36 AM.
126	never trust a bard	2012-05-15	Sometimes I try to think about how I would see the episode if I had no book knowledge, but I do, so its impossible.  The episode was great though and I'm really enjoying the series.  It's hard to watch it knowing (for example) that the Reeds are supposed to be there, but if you hadn't read the books, you would never know anything was missing.  That being said, it's impossible not to critique the changes.  Knowing they have to speed things up, I think they're doign a great job. 
First, I love getting more of Tywin.  The show can take you places you couldn't go before without that character being a POV.  Getting to know Tywin better?  Yes please.  Though I don't see any univserse where Tywin can't figure out who she is. 
I'm grateful for a sped up Dany story and really hope we can get to the HOTU before the season ends. 
What I don't like is getting to see the development of the Rob/Jeyne.  In the books you don't see it, so you only have to assume they way they're relationship worked out, it was worth him f'ing over the Freys.  Watching it play out though, it just seems like he's totally pursuing her and just completely disregarding his vows.  I guess that is what he actually did, but it's frustrating to watch. 
On another note, I think the Theon stuff is spot on.  My friend who hasn't read the books was franticly texting me to see if Bran and Rickon were actually dead.
127	A Dark And Stormy Knight	2012-05-15	Changes from the book notwithstanding, I give this a 9 out of 10.
Mostly because PYAT PREE OH MY GOD
Other things happened this episode, sure, yeah, whatever.
PYAT PREE, friends.
					
					
							Edited by A Dark And Stormy Knight, 15 May 2012 - 11:48 AM.
128	hesitantreader	2012-05-15	I thought this was the worst episode of season 1 or 2.  
Dany's story fell apart, and I can't see how they get her back on track with out heavy dosses of deus ex machina.  
	Spoiler I can't in my mind square Qarth with a king and the slavers bay story line.&nbsp;&nbsp;Now granted the slavers bay story line is probable the least liked in the series, but are they going to rewrite the whole thing?

The timing was entirely off between the Riverlands story line and Winterfell. 
	Spoiler &nbsp;I don't see how you can reconcile what is going on there with the build up to the Red Wedding.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Karstark betrayal so early is going to leave very little reasons for the Lannisters and the Feys to conspire.

And finally the Cercei as a sane women needs to stop.  
	Spoiler It may have worked in season 1, but this close to the battle of black water?  Why would she ever betray Tyrion?

Sometimes less is more, and in this case the episode should have been cut.  Too much of this type of filler works counter to the over all story line.
					
					
							Edited by hesitantreader, 15 May 2012 - 11:53 AM.
129	redriver	2012-05-15	Gave it a 10.Lot of posters not liking the Jon scenes,but I think Ygritte redeems them with her piss taking humor.
Made a post in the discussion thread about why I like it,so I won't repeat it here.
130	FireNBloood	2012-05-15	That has got to be one of my favorite episodes so far from the TV series. It is extremely hard for them to weave so many different aspects of the book into the show. I mean think about it; you have a thousand different themes ranging from socioeconomic issues, to politics, to simple weather patterns affecting crop growth. It IS impossible to convey everything in the show, and I personally thought this season would fall under the weight of it all. Instead, they are taking some brave strides switching up storytelling so they an streamline certain events so it can be less confusing.
The only things that are REALLY annoying for me are two things. First, Cersei is WAY to sane. She should be losing it at this point, and should be more worried about the consequences of being sacked. She and Tyrion never connected like that (remember the crib story from Casterly Rock...that shit was messed up!). They need to start setting her character up better. Also, the scenes with Rob and that girl are just stupid. He is a freaking KING. She shouldn't be making it within 50 feet of that tent without guards pinning her to the ground. And she basically tells Roose Bolton to get the hell out of the way, or at least as a lord he would have taken it that way. I bet he was thinking of all the nice ways he could skin them, that sick bastard. I understand things are gritty up north, and not as dainty as those southerners. But show some respect Jeyne impostor, he is a king, and you are a foreigner!
131	Nefa	2012-05-15	TBH, I'm really disappointed with Qarth and Dany this season. It just seems so lacking to me compared to the rest of the show, story lines and acting.
I know Arya didn't really serve for Tywin in the book, but I just love the chemistry between these two. When Tywin lets Arya know that he's aware she's highborn it makes me wonder how much he does suspect. I will miss those two having scenes together.
Ygritte and John were hilarious but felt really rushed as did Tyrion and Cersai. I realize they are doing the whole book in ten episodes, but this was the first episode where I felt like the flow of the story was lost a little to the need to stuff in so much information.
Theon is just remarkable, they cast him so well.
I'm trying desperately to catch up my reading to the episodes. I'm on a mad dash to do it before #10. LOL.
					
					
							Edited by Nefa, 15 May 2012 - 01:50 PM.
132	Ashas Globetrotter	2012-05-15	Good episode. Again they stray from the book, which is ok because the come up with good stuff, but in a lot I just don`t understand why they would change something which is great in the first place. For ex Jon and Ygritte. And Tyrion/Cersei. They have tons of sparkling dialogue from the book but use their own material, which sadly is a bit repetetive and redundant. But that was the case with the first season as well...
Altoghether great television, but my disappointment thus far is the lack of SHOCK and TERROR! Which is something GRRM is a master at (though I admit I am  an extremely easy target). I mention the following events where the suprise factor was non-present:
1. Stannis suddenly laying siege to Renly.
2. The outcome of the battle of the two-the shadow
3. Theon suddenly taking Winterfell
4. Last episode had the next to greatest shock moment of all the books, which made me throw away the book in disbelief, and I had to skip to the end of the book to be sure they were alive( I KNOW, CALL ME STUPID) In the show, everyone gets that its the orphan boys.  D and D has kept GRRMs tone in terms of the brutality, grittiness and sex, but they fail, or seem less interested in maintaining the WTF-moments of the sadistic genius that is Martin.
I stress that this is still a Great TV-show.
133	rmholt	2012-05-15	Straying from the book discussion in Rolling Stone  http://www.rollingst...books-20120515/
134	rmholt	2012-05-15	For all the bitching about the casting of Gregor it strikes me that the character himself is pretty two dimensional, definitely in the book and possibly in "real life" The guy is just a big strong psychopath killer with anger issues. You dont need a talented actor for that - but if that was him being berated for not being able to read that was a misstep for both characters. So maybe it is not just the casting but the screenwriting and the directing.
135	Songlian	2012-05-15	My first 10/10 since this series began, and it's all for Ygritte and Jaime's scenes. Brilliant.
136	rmholt	2012-05-15	My first 10/10 since this series began, and it's all for Ygritte and Jaime's scenes. Brilliant.Clearly this show has something for everyone.
137	ipsuel	2012-05-15	Good episode. Again they stray from the book, which is ok because the come up with good stuff, but in a lot I just don`t understand why they would change something which is great in the first place. For ex Jon and Ygritte. And Tyrion/Cersei.<snip>Bold added.I agree 100%. I don't mind changes... Dany's story had to be amped up for TV since it's a snooz-fest in the books at this point, so I am perfectly OK with it, and am enjoying the new stuff. But some things seemed to be change just for change's sake. I don't get it... If the changes aren't as good/logical/reasonable as the original... why change it?
138	Lady Sansa Stark	2012-05-15	I give it an 8. Thought the Sansa-scenes were quite important so I'm glad they put the scenes in (although I'm biased; Sansa's my favourite character and I'm secretly hoping she'll kill Littlefinger). She is a major POVcharacter after all, and she becomes even more important in ASOS. 
Liked Jon an Ygritte of course, the casting for Ygritte is imho perfect.
Tyrion and Cersei.. I liked the scene, but I don't like the fact that they're humanizing Cersei that much. You start to feel sorry for her, while she's supposed to be an arrogant bitch who genuinely hates Tyrion. 
Jaime/Alton scene.. Too long in my opinion. All the talk about squires and things, not that interesting. And why did he kill Alton? There were other ways to get Karstark there. Guess it will be Brienne and Jaime all by themselves then. Doesn't matter actually, he wasn't that important if I remember it well.
Wondering how they are going to fix Jon/the Halfhand though. Jon needs an explicit command from Qhorin in order to become a 'Turncloak'. We'll see next episode I guess. 
Can't wait for Blackwater. Last Sandor/Sansa scene besides Cersei and Sansa. Two more weeks, two more weeks.
139	The Monkey	2012-05-15	For all the bitching about the casting of Gregor it strikes me that the character himself is pretty two dimensional, definitely in the book and possibly in "real life" The guy is just a big strong psychopath killer with anger issues. You dont need a talented actor for that - but if that was him being berated for not being able to read that was a misstep for both characters. So maybe it is not just the casting but the screenwriting and the directing.It was Lorch who Tywin bullied for his illiteracy, not Gregor.Gregor is one-dimensional, that is why his sole defining trait, his size, is all the more important. They could even have pulled it off with this new actor, if only they had stuffed some more padding inside his armour. Shame.
140	Warden of the North121	2012-05-15	People need to stop worrying about the Jon/Qhorin plotline. The promo shows a quick shot of him being captured with Jon so they are still going to have him give his last order to Jon just in a different setting.
141	summer_stark	2012-05-15	i liked this episode. a lot actually, but there were some things that bothered me.  some less important than others.
the first and foremost was the handling of the search for bran et al and the showing of the burned kids -- not one person i know who hasn't read the books thinks its bran and rickon -- and if you look on twitter, 85% (ok that's a guess) of the nonbook readers there dont either. it was just so damn obvious -- and why?? in the books i was shocked, and as another poster did, i had to skip ahead to find another bran chapter to be able to keep going.  there were small inklings -- the thought theon has that people are so stupid while looking at the -- but it was very subtle.
i don't see why they couldnt have made it as subtle here -- did bran and rickon have to stop by the farm and talk about the orphans?  couldn't they have just been shown own the road...then cut to theon at the farm and the walnuts?  hell if they wanted some conversation re: not being able to go to a neighbors, they couldve had them talk on the road about how they cant stop anywhere b/c theon's hounds will track them.  and am i the only one disappointed by the fact that they dont hide in the crypts? my only thought was that maybe they turned back around and went to the crypts -- and the timing is just shown differently, but that makes no sense since they'd meet each other on the road.  my only other thought is that this is how they find the reeds -- who will harbor them and because the live in the marshes or whatever its called, no one can track them there.
either way, i thought that big reveal was super obvious, and was disappointed to find out that most non-book readers did too.  such a waste of a great chance for one of the better book cliff hangers.  *shakes head*
otherwise, i did like it -- i even liked the pyat pree multiplies himself and takes out everyone forcing dany to go to the hotu.  makes logical sense in the storyline that she'll go there and burn the place down and the warlocks will be hating on her after she leaves.
the jaime scenes were great, but i thought the kinslaying, while shocking and awesome in that way -- though it was obv he was a dead man as he inched closer to jaime -- was a bit absurd.  if they had to go to the extreme of physicality instead of conspiracy to pretend he's dead, he couldve said, i'm going to have to bloody you up a bit to make this real -- make sure you scream etc.  he's impulsive sure and thinks cleos is an idiot in the books, but i dunno, as much as i'm not a jaime fan in the books anyway regardless of his redemption (same goes for theon i couldnt bring myself to feel sorry for him except to the extent that no sentient being should be treated that way) - but the whole scene was contrived
and as much as i'm liking ygritte, i think those scenes are also illogical. where the fuck is ghost?  it's not like they show how ghost cant come with him b/c he is climbing the skirling pass or whatever -- they're just wandering the tundra.  ghost just takes off for days or weeks but isn't physically unable to come to jon? seriously? hunting for a few days is one thing, but just not following jon at all for no reason other than "direwolves are wild"? no they're not -- not where the starks are concerned, dammit! i like that they cgi'd the dw, but at the same time, it has made them even less a part of the story than last year - when at least they attempted to have the dw attack and defend - here, they're just eye candy.  bummer.  that said, i am enjoying the show quite a bit, and do like being surprised and after each episode i'm pretty happy, so i gave it an 8
					
					
							Edited by summer_stark, 15 May 2012 - 06:20 PM.
142	Lyana	2012-05-15	A great episode - gave it a 9.
I mostly enjoyed the Jon/Ygritte and Arya/Tywin interactions.
Jaime's scenes were also very good.
Finally no Littlefinger (started to go on my nerves).
143	Ser Ilyn's Tongue	2012-05-15	My second 10 in two weeks.  There wasn't a scene I didn't enjoy.  Jaime's escape was definitely the highlight.  I'd still like more Dinklage, though.  And where's Stannis got to?!
144	The Anti-Targ	2012-05-15	Ahhhhhhhhhh a big footnote to my original post.A huge potential mark decrease now hangs over the release of the Kingslayer. If he is released prior to the news of Bran and Rickon's death, then this is a fatal error. It is the reason as to why Catelyn frees him. To provide any other reason is farcical. If this occurs, episode and series take a massive blow.Not sure I agree with that. The show set things up so that Jaime will not survive the night without Catelyn's intervention. Catelyn knows (or at least is convinced) that if Jaime dies then her daughters die. As I see it there are 2 ways to keep Jaime alive: cut off his sword hand to try to appease Karstark, or at least delay Jaime's execution until Robb returns. Or send jaime back to KL getting his guarantee that the girls will be returned.Either decision is internally consistent with the TV version of the story, and it's an empowered decision from Catelyn, as opposed to her doing it on the say-so of Littlefinger. So it works for me.I'm thinking Catelyn might take Jaime's hand. With the way things are working in Harrenhal I'm not sure how they're going to work in the capture of Brienne and Jaime and the hand being removed via saddistic sellsword. They set up the imminent removal of Jaime's hand quite well with Jaime saying that he'd be nothing if he couldn't be a warrior.Catelyn knows that Jaime knows that Catelyn can't kill Jaime, so Jaime thinks she can't hurt him at all. Also knowing that Jaime would prefer death to total and permanent disability we know that Catelyn can give Jaime a fate worse than death.I would prefer Cat to remove Jaime's hand, but aiding his escape at this point is OK by me. Though I'd prefer the escape to happen in EP 10.
145	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-05-15	Clearly this show has something for everyone.I think you've hit the nail on the head there.  I was even chatting to my daughter post show about my beef with Qarth (she is a huge book and show fan together, and was the one who got me into this).  In her opinion the Qarth scenes are meant to be totally unbelievable/surreal in a way, to emphasise the alien nature of this really strange place - and that viewers will want to 'get Dany out of there' asap.  I'd never thought of it that way, but if that is the case - that the producers have gone for this deliberately, then they deserve more credit than I've given them.  Either way - I'm just waiting for the HOTU to save the Qarth storyline totally.And FWIW I STILL think Doreah MUST be involved in getting those dragons away.  The scene where she could obviously handle Drogon without him batting an eyelid was put in for a reason.  I think he would have seriously burned XXD's or Pyat's fingers - whether they knew 'Dracarys' or not /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />And Anti-Targ - very insightful post regarding Cat taking Jaime's hand.
					
					
							Edited by Drogon's Personal Trainer, 15 May 2012 - 07:32 PM.
146	Akisut84	2012-05-15	I have got mixed feelings. At some points I said `Yeah, this is amazing. It gives me the same feelings watching it as I read the books` And at some stages I just felt a huge disappointment.
Jaime`s character was ruined for me when he killed Cleos (Alton). By the way, they should have at least made an effort to show Riverrun. Tywin would have never let a servant so close to himself. I couldn`t believe they found only two hounds in the kennels`of Winterfell and the Krakens were such good riders. They should have found a thatched roofed mill where they `caught` Bran and Rickon. And hey, where are the Reeds? Ygritte still has whitened teeth and her hair conditioned beyond the wall. I suppose Ghost went hunting too long. The whole story in Qarth starts to get a little bit confusing. I just can`t see the end of it. Am I the only one who sees these things? Or I presume I just had too high expectations about the show.
The good things: Harrenhall was pretty amazing. The costumes are just beautiful, especially the ones in Qarth. Charles Dance is brilliant. Rose Leslie said `You know nothing, Jon Snow`in the sexiest way ever. The soundtrack is still bang on.
Looking forward to watch episode 8.
147	packersfan	2012-05-15	I gave it a 6, the lowest this season. I generally felt that the episode was slow and probably a set up for the last three episodes. Ironically, the story that worked the least was the bran/rickon/theon chase while it was the most faithful to the books. I think they gave too much foreshadowing information about the orphans and the walnut clue wasn't really obvious. On top of that, the bodies looked really fake. All of which point to the fact that the bodies weren't bran and rickon. I've read several posters whose nonreading friends didn't buy it at all and my nonreading GF reacted the same. I don't know how they could have make it seem more believable though. The series shows so many brutal deaths explicitly, and any offscreen death immediately raises suspicion.I like what they did to Quarth. Now, Dany has some real stakes at play and her burning HotU makes sense. Pyat pree and XXD are true threats to her.I'm sort of neutral towards Jaime's scenes. I guess his long absence has made me forget about him a little. The fact that he tried and failed to escape was in the books but I think it's wise of D&D to have it have immediate repurcussions (cat freeing him). The story is a lot tighter this way. Sidenote: I wonder if we'll see the boat chase this season. That felt very cinematic when I read it.Jon's story was meh, but I didn't care much for it in the books either. The focus is so much on the wildlings/ygritte, you'd almost forget about the others and wights. It's a shame because they were the very first thing introduced in the books and in the show.Robb's love affair is really slow... People see this relationship coming from miles away. They need to move beyond the flirtatious pleasantries and get into some physical stuff (not sex per se). Either that or show some sort of twist (like she is actually a spy or something)Anyway, did not like the episode that much. It has nothing to do with changes but with pacing.Rant outYeah, the Robb romance is just completely messed up.  Granted I understand that either way he will make a stupid mistake for a king who is pledged to another to keep a strong alliance, but in the books it was so much more sudden and impulsive.  He stormed the Crag, then found out his brothers were killed and Winterfell lost, then Jeyne Westerling (daughter of a Lannister bannerman...adding more depth and complication to the story) "comforts" him eventually leading to them having sex.  Then Robb does what he believes is honorable and marries her, completely disregarding other consequences such as pissing off his bannermen.  We are getting a little of that from the show (mostly due to Jaime's escape and killing of Karstark's son)...I don't know why Karstark really cares that Robb is with this "foreign bitch"...would make more sense if a Frey had said that.  Anyways, these writers just mucking up the story.  Love the show for the action, the intrigue, the incredible costuming, design, etc, but feel they are really doing too much when they have this excellent material that maybe needs TINY tweaks to fit on screen...but not these big sweeping changes.
148	Vic-tarion Rattlehead	2012-05-16	This time - only 5. It wasn't a good episode at all. It's starting to look as if Dagmer is going to turn being Ramsey in the last episode. A lot of unnecessary stuffing just to add shock value. The warlocks in Qarth are going all ninja and Xaro is in liege with them - WTF?! Shae is helping Sansa (Shae never cared for anyone but herself!)? Lord Tywin is getting all sensible and nostalgic and Jaime is killing some filler Lannister character just to add the episode a bit gore... And let's not forget the idiotic bones and rocks Yiggrit conversation with Jon. Are we still watching here an ASOIAF adaptation based on GRRM's book ACOK? It looks more like some second hand semi-medieval fiction for horny teenage nerds.
149	House Balstroko	2012-05-16	I'd give it an 8 or a 9. A very solid episode as usual, despite some scenes extending for far too long like the Jon/Ygritte one and the Dany one. Here's hoping we still see the Halfhand again.
150	Ser Graymax	2012-05-16	All right, so this is fantasy and as such Im looking at the HBO series now as the one existing in an alternate dimention from the one in the book al la "Fringe".  Maybe this view will help some of you people who are having problems with the changes.  LOL
An 8 from me for Theons performance and the Tywin and Arya scenes.
Like Tyrion ALMOST comforting his sister even though she doesnt deserve an iota of pity.  Glad they stopped him from actually doing it.
Jon and Ygritte, meh.
I wish they would end Danys storyline right here in the House of the Undying but I know even HBO wouldnt go that far afield.
Shae helping Sansa????  More like she really didnt like that other Maid and saw a chance to confront her.
Cliffhanger/Question of the week:  Who is going to take Jaimies hand?
					
					
							Edited by Ser Graymax, 16 May 2012 - 07:29 AM.
151	zippypoodle	2012-05-16	Another objectively awesome episode. 10.
152	rappin'Hodor	2012-05-16	Good episode, 8/10The Winterfell scenes were great, the ending was sufficiently powerful. I wonder if non-readers will be fooled by Bran and Rickon's supposed deaths. The Harrenhall scenes were great as always, glad that Tywin is showing some ability to see through Arya's lies. I like the humanization of Cersei, great acting from Lena Headey.Two points off for the drawn out scenes beyond the Wall (although I do love the actress playing Ygritte), and the seemingly omnipotence of Pyat Pree.As usual I check in with my non-book brother.  He is not fooled in the least based on Bran's orphan comments when they get to the farm.  I really wished they would have made this more believable.
153	zippypoodle	2012-05-16	I give it a 6.Other than the Theon storyline, nearly everything else is going down the drain.And why do you think this?
154	eyeheartsansa	2012-05-16	Shae helping Sansa...Nothing seemed weird about this and as Sansa's handmaid there doesn't seem to be a reason not to help her.  It just looked like a girl helping out younger, more terrified girl.
155	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-05-16	As usual I check in with my non-book brother.  He is not fooled in the least based on Bran's orphan comments when they get to the farm.  I really wished they would have made this more believable.I've rewatched a couple of times and this remains my major beef with the episode.  The ending scene, which had the potential to shock the unread viewer completely numb,  lacks punch because it's obvious that the two burned kids aren't Bran and Rickon.  Leaving that one line of dialogue out would have made a world of difference.
156	ctat2003	2012-05-16	one of my favorites loved the qarth round table with pyatt pree
157	The Monkey	2012-05-16	Not sure I agree with that. The show set things up so that Jaime will not survive the night without Catelyn's intervention. Catelyn knows (or at least is convinced) that if Jaime dies then her daughters die. As I see it there are 2 ways to keep Jaime alive: cut off his sword hand to try to appease Karstark, or at least delay Jaime's execution until Robb returns. Or send jaime back to KL getting his guarantee that the girls will be returned.Either decision is internally consistent with the TV version of the story, and it's an empowered decision from Catelyn, as opposed to her doing it on the say-so of Littlefinger. So it works for me.I'm thinking Catelyn might take Jaime's hand. With the way things are working in Harrenhal I'm not sure how they're going to work in the capture of Brienne and Jaime and the hand being removed via saddistic sellsword. They set up the imminent removal of Jaime's hand quite well with Jaime saying that he'd be nothing if he couldn't be a warrior.Catelyn knows that Jaime knows that Catelyn can't kill Jaime, so Jaime thinks she can't hurt him at all. Also knowing that Jaime would prefer death to total and permanent disability we know that Catelyn can give Jaime a fate worse than death.I would prefer Cat to remove Jaime's hand, but aiding his escape at this point is OK by me. Though I'd prefer the escape to happen in EP 10.Come on, Jaime can't lose his hand before his duel with Brienne. If they are gonna cut it off in the next episode, why didn't they have Brienne fight him during his failed escape? That duel was one of the things I looked forward most to seeing on screen, and I won't forgive them if they cut it.  It's not like a one-on-one duel is gonna create a huge hole in the budget.
158	rmholt	2012-05-16	I've rewatched a couple of times and this remains my major beef with the episode.  The ending scene, which had the potential to shock the unread viewer completely numb,  lacks punch because it's obvious that the two burned kids aren't Bran and Rickon.  Leaving that one line of dialogue out would have made a world of difference.I just dont get what is the problem with the viewer knowing the boys weren't Bran and Rickon.  The scene was designed for the viewer to figure it out.  This follows the book as Ramsey was carrying outfits and a wolf pin and nobody reading the book thought the boys at the mill were B and R even as they were being killed.The people who were supposed to be fooled were the people still at Winterfell and that happened - except Maester Luwin wasnt left with enough evidence to figure out the truth.
159	rmholt	2012-05-16	Straying from the book discussion in Rolling Stone  http://www.rollingst...books-20120515/Also the latest RS has a GoT story and a Peter Dinklage story.
160	Free Man	2012-05-17	I would have granted a very high note, but the changes reduced my 10 to a 7
161	summer_stark	2012-05-17	I just dont get what is the problem with the viewer knowing the boys weren't Bran and Rickon.  The scene was designed for the viewer to figure it out.  This follows the book as Ramsey was carrying outfits and a wolf pin and nobody reading the book thought the boys at the mill were B and R even as they were being killed.The people who were supposed to be fooled were the people still at Winterfell and that happened - except Maester Luwin wasnt left with enough evidence to figure out the truth.Disagree.   The hints in the book were subtle.  Lots of book readers I know missed it, myself included -- some people put the book down and after reading that and would only pick it up again upon my prodding.  i'm no genius, and certainly don't read very carefully the first time i read fiction -- the second time around the clues were there, and the first time around when theon is looking at the bodies and thinking how stupid people are, i thought -- hmm maybe. but to compare it to the scenes in the show where it was like hey two orphan boys at the farm where theon will be led to!  totally different.  haven't met a nonbook reader yet who thought it was b/r.  and frankly, i think the point is that it was a missed opportunity for a great cliffhanger -- is it essential to the plot?  of course not -- the point is, as you stated, that winterfell and westeros generally believe them to be dead.  fine.  noted.  however, considering how many contrived scenes we are getting to up the intensity/emotion/shock value (e.g., making the shadow baby a cliffhanger, craster braining jon, dragon-napping), the fact that they wouldn't pick this one for a good cliffhanger, when it's already there in the books and easily made into a cliffhanger with the deletion of a couple of lines of dialogue and the old guy who asked for the orphans, seems like an unnecessary waste of the chance for some great television.
					
					
							Edited by summer_stark, 17 May 2012 - 02:41 AM.
162	Michaelj	2012-05-17	I never once suspected they died in the books. No hodor, osha or direwolfs and two disfigured body's = mmmh
163	Ashas Globetrotter	2012-05-17	TOTALLY agree with Summer_Stark. I think at least half the viewers would have been fooled if they had set it up similarly to the book. And the reason we keep believing it is that Martin lets it become common knowlege in the realm that they are dead. Why the hell they let cat release Jaime before her knowledge of the boys is beyond me.
164	Evamitchelle	2012-05-17	According to the Twitter recap on winteriscoming.net there are in fact some non-readers who think Bran and Rickon really died.
165	Oculus	2012-05-17	My favorite episode so far, for this reason: The scene with Jamie and his cousin had the flavor, the intensity, passion, and surprise that I love in the books.  Kudos the the writers and the director for taking their time with this scene.
166	summer_stark	2012-05-17	According to the Twitter recap on winteriscoming.net there are in fact some non-readers who think Bran and Rickon really died.if you go on twitter and type theon or bran you'll find far more people who didn't believe it -- the recap is just highlights of what he wants us to see, which, admittedly, are awesome -- but not enough people to make up a good indicator of how the masses reacted.
					
					
							Edited by summer_stark, 17 May 2012 - 05:48 PM.
167	rmholt	2012-05-17	I never once suspected they died in the books. No hodor, osha or direwolfs and two disfigured body's = mmmhIMHO  that scene in the book and the movie served several things but one important thing was to show Theon having an awkward time figuring out how to be and what to do.  This led him to do some pretty stupid stuff.
168	Whitering	2012-05-23	I guess my problem is that few of the characters to this point seem as capable as they did in books. Tyrion certainly does, I guess Robb. Well, hell, maybe most of the characters are. I mean, the changes are well written and all, but Arya does not seem as daring, as intelligent nor as desperate. It's a good actress and I get that it's a TV series on a budget, but a lot of what I considered key scenes have not been replaced with something equally as powerful. Dany also is missing a lot of the confidence she had gained throughout the series, I mean, we see glimpses of it, but it's not always there.
Well, I do enjoy the show, but I don't know if that's because I edit them with my memories of the books or not. In the end I gave the episode a 7, but the highest I have ever given is an 8.
169	Queen of Whores	2012-10-22	Rated it a solid 7.
Pros: 
Theon
Arya and Tywin (dragging a bit though)
Jaime
Sansa
Cons: 
Jon
Daenerys
Cersei
170	Damazama21	2014-03-17	I gave it an 8. Very good, but not the best.
171	Xray the Enforcer	2012-05-19	Part two for the Ep 07 discussion.
Remember, please be civil to each other. If you seen something that you suspect might be out of line, don't flame back. Use the report button. Thank you.
172	legba11	2012-05-19	Back to Vatgo Hoat, he is central to the Jaime/Brienne story, which is (arguably) the main story of Book 3.  I don't see them passing on such a colorful villain.  Will he have the speech impendiment?  Not sure.
173	WetHair	2012-05-19	I find it impossible to take Vargo Hoat seriously with his lisp; I can't imagine how his men keep a straight face.
And them I remember what kind of guy he is and I have absolutely no problem with it.
174	legba11	2012-05-20	I loved him as a villain in the books, I don't know if it would work on film though.  He is going to sound like Daffy Duck.  I hope they pull it off, I want to hear NCW say, "Maybe I just wanted to hear him say sapphires"
175	Lady Sansa Stark	2012-05-20	I find it impossible to take Vargo Hoat seriously with his lisp; I can't imagine how his men keep a straight face. And them I remember what kind of guy he is and I have absolutely no problem with it.Oh well, he's known for cutting of feets and hands and the like, I know I would do everything it took to keep a straight face.
176	gagreels	2012-05-20	Sorry if this has been asked before, but in the scene with Jorah and Quaithe, did it seem to anyone else as if Jorah had a look of recognition on his face after she tells him to draw his sword? I thought I was imagining things, but I talked to someone else who thought the same without hearing my suggestion first. I personally don't believe the Quaithe-is-Ashara theory, but something about the look he gives her keeps nagging at me.
177	Harrad	2012-05-24	Yes there was definite recognition. Didn't Quaithe advise Dany in the book? Why would she have to be someone else. Perhaps a combo character?
178	The Monkey	2012-07-09	Someone else pointed this out, and I though it was really interesting.Check out this scene with Robb, Talisa and Roose Bolton:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=YLy5_knIDMIAfter staring at Talisa and Robb with suspicion, at 1:45 Roose literally flips his cloak. That's gotta be an intentional metaphor.
179	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-03-17	Someone else pointed this out, and I though it was really interesting.Check out this scene with Robb, Talisa and Roose Bolton:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=YLy5_knIDMIAfter staring at Talisa and Robb with suspicion, at 1:45 Roose literally flips his cloak. That's gotta be an intentional metaphor.I just rewatched the episode again and noticed that, too! Such a great little "Easter egg."I'm re-watching S2 on Blu-Ray and thought I'd comment on each episode w/ their respective special features as I go. Yes, I know there's a general S2 blu-ray thread, but it's a long and unwieldy beast. I'm wondering what people think about each episode after a second viewing and w/ the added bonus of the commentaries, histories, maps, etc.Showrunners David and D.B. give their second audio commentary (their first was on S2E1) and compared to their other one it's very disappointing. No comments at all on changes from the novel, it's just an hour of fapping over how beautiful IcelaNd is and ass-kissing all the actors. /mellow.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':mellow:' />
180	Ran	2012-04-29	Non-spoiler discussion of the show goes here, for those who've not read the books or those who have but are happy to not actually reference them at all in discussion, taking each episode as it comes.
This topic should open automatically when the show begins airing.
181	Karazax	2012-05-14	As a new member to the forums and non-reader I am finding some of the story lines confusing this season.  I don't really understand what is going on with Jon Snow.  The ranger said they had to kill the wildling girl and Jon volunteered to do it, but then he couldn't, so she temporarily got away.  But I don't understand why he tied her up again and where he is going with her, when the other ranger said they didn't have the manpower or food to keep a prisoner?  Won't the other Night's Watch just kill her if he finds them anyway?  So I didn't really understand what his plan was there.  I guess the wildling was trying to seduce him? Watching them walk thru the snow while she is trying to get him out of his pants was a bit boring.  Didn't the girl say that they would kill any nights watch they caught and yeilding would just lead to torture before yeilding when the ranger asked her what would happen if he yielded?  But the previews for next week look like they took him prisoner so maybe that will happen next, or maybe Jon will join them to escape death, or the other rangers rescue him.  I guess in this show he could die too, but seems like a lot of rather boring story this season up north if that was to be his fate.  But then again look at what happened to Bran and his brother.
We got to see magic reaching new levels of influence in the world.  I don't mind magic in the story, but I do wonder why Stannis doesn't just send an army of smoke creatures to kill all his enemies, or why the bald guy who can make dozens of copies of himself doesn't just rule with that amount of power.  Or why they let Jorah and Dany's other people live after the coup?  I don't exactly understand why they need Dany to keep the dragons alve either for that matter.  But she has been anoying this season anyway, so if she dies it might make the story better.
I love Tyrion though.  His story line has been good and it looks like he is starting to bond with his sister some as they both recognize what Joffrey is.  Besides the whole double incest thing, Cersei isn't that bad a person.  Argueably Catelyn is worse since she started the whole war by kidnapping Tyrion with no proof beyond Littlefinger's word, and we know what that is worth now.  
It looks like Sansa may get set up for marriage now that she is old enough, and Shae certainly took a big risk for her by threatening the other maid.  I wonder why she is so loyal to Sansa?  She doesn't seem to be that caring towards Tyrion.  Perhaps she is a Stark spy or something?  Sansa used to dream about Joffrey and now he is her nightmare.  Too bad for her that Joffrey isn't more like Cersei, but instead has Jamie's disregard for human life.
Arya and Tywin had some more great scenes this week.  The actors really do a great job and the visuals for the castle were pretty awesome.  It looks like Tywin knows that Arya is a noble, but he hasn't asked her for a name yet, still calls her girl.  I wonder if he knows exactly WHO she is.  On the one hand there can't be that many potential noble girls out there on the run who are that age and basic physical description of Arya Stark and it seems that someone would have mentioned that she was missing to him by now.  On the other hand you would think he would have her as a guarded prisoner if he knew she was a Stark, and not have her attending his strategy councils or bringing him his food and drink.  I didn't really understand why Tywin had 20 of his own men hung, rather than tortured or something if he was trying to find out who the assasin is?  I can't wait to see who her 3rd kill is going to be.  There were a few times when she appeared to be eyeing Tywin up.
It looks like Robb has a little crush on the nurse despite his vow to wed back in season 1.  We shall see what happens when they go to the Crag to accept it's surrender.  I'm kind of surprised that a castle would surrender without a siege though, so perhaps it is a trap?  Or is the Crag a village?  I'm not sure I trust the nurse at this point.
You can certainly see where Joffrey got his evil characteristics from when we see the scene with Jamie killing his own cousin just on the off chance that the guard might slip into a position that would allow him to kill him, and escape.  An escape that was short lived, and Catelyn has to step in to save Jamie from an early death in retaliation for his killing.  Though the guard almost deserved his fate for his incompetance in going into the cell alone after Jamie had just killed his own cousin and turning his back on Jamie.
I didn't really understand what Catelyn was trying to get out of him when she went with the big warrior women to see him, but perhaps she finally got sick of his tongue and took vengeance for Ned with the sword she took.  We can only hope.
Then the other dirt bag Theon chased down Bran and his brother and appears to have burned them.  I don't blame them trying to escape, but I don't exactly understand why they didn't take horses.  Bran had his own special saddle from earlier episodes and it seems that would have been much faster.  I guess that is why they got caught, but we don't know what happened to Hodor or Osha yet.  The Bran storyline was kind of boring to this point so I don't care that much about them being gone, though Theon is still a bastard for turning on the Starks that way.
We got to see the wolves some more, but it did make me think about where were the wolves when Theon took the castle?  It seems like they are even bigger this season, and I would have thought the 2 of them would have protected them.  I wonder if Theon killed them too?
Anyway, interesting episode even if some of it didn't make sense to me in it's execution.  Not one of my favorite's, but still better than most shows on the TV these days.
182	drigoly	2012-05-14	alright, i will try answering these questions witout giving spoilers,
The reason why Jon isn't letting Yvgritte go is because he is afraid that she will warn the wildlings of the nights watch, his plan is simply: find the other rangers > ? >profit, he doesn't realy know what he is gonna do with her.
Danys story is very deviated from the books, some of the changes realy don't make any sense, like you pointed out with the things pyat pree is able to do and Stannis, well he is Stannis, lets say it's complicated but he can't just produce a million of shadows, that would require a lot of fucking and would be considered unhonourably, so he can only use the shadows to take out certain enemys while beeing sure that there wouldn't be many witnesses...
I will not say anything about Cersei/Jaime, it's just impossible without giving spoilers /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
He hang his men, so others would be frighetend and speak, the plot between Arya/Tywin isn't in the books, so that's something nobody knows how it will turn out :/
The crag is the seat of House Westerling, Robb actualy besieged their castle in the books, looks like they just cut that part out because of financial reasons but plots involving the siege of the crag have been adopted to other Robb scenes in a very nice way /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
The guard was the son of Lord Karstark, who are distant relatives to the starks and Catelyn is aware of that, that if she kills Jaime, Cersei would kill Sansa/Arya who Catelyn thinks are both in the cutody of Cersei.
Bran/Rickon didn't take horses, because they make noise and because of Hodor who doesn't look like he can ride /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> but rewatch the Bran scenes, and listen carefully to the dialogue with Rickon! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
183	Fakko	2012-05-14	I too am somewhat confused about the goings on at Qarth.  I thought Pyat Pree (sp?) was engaged in simple tricks not real magic. Pyat and Xaro clearly have conspired to rule, but to what end is unclear.  Maybe they believe in Dany's mission, but then why didn't Xaro just buy her the ships she needs?
Cersei's conversations with Sansa and Tyrion humanized her somewhat. They also revealed that she is not a clueless power hungry bitch, but someone trying to make the best out of her very difficult, complicated and unhappy situation. She was almost motherly to Sansa. 
Again, Theon displays how beyond his depth he is. Not sure what to do and making a series of poor choices that don't gain him favors with anyone on any side. He's cooked. 
Tywin reveals he knows more about Arya than previously thought. He likes her and treats her well (almost fatherly), but pushes her back in line when she takes too much liberty.  Still, what does he know and what does he suspect?
Robb continues to broadcast his impotence to everyone north of the wall. It's a good thing they made him a steward or he'd probably be dead already. His first "ranger outing" is a disaster. Man up Robb. 
Jamie is a riddle. He comes off as very personable and engaging, but will slaughter anyone that provides him with an opportunity. These are the traits of a true sociopath, but is that what he really is?  He seems to genuinely care for Tyrion and Cersei. Sociopaths only care about themselves; everyone else is a tool or a hindrance. 
A good episode. Things are still gaining steam. I am very much looking forward to the next episode.
184	Jennelyn	2012-05-14	Robb continues to broadcast his impotence to everyone north of the wall. It's a good thing they made him a steward or he'd probably be dead already. His first "ranger outing" is a disaster. Man up Robb.You mean Jon Snow, right? (Robb is the King in the North battling in the Riverlands) Jon is young and green and has much to learn and he manages to get himself in over his head. He has the honor of Ned instilled in him and wants to do the right thing. He couldn't kill Ygritte because she's a woman and he's not an experienced killer on top of that. I believe he's only actually killed a wight, which is already dead. He's never been ranging before nor has he been north of the wall. I'd like to know why Quorin left him like that. Didn't seem smart.As for Qarth, obviously Xaro and Pyatt Pree did indeed conspire. Xaro wanted to be king and the warlocks were able to steal Dany's dragons. Presumably it was to get her to come to the House of the Undying, but as Dany stated, her dragons are incredibly valuable. I imagine their intentions are selfish. They could care less about Dany's cause. They just want to use her. Pyatt has also demonstrated in this episode that his abilities are more than just simple parlor tricks. Or at the very least, he is able to used them to his advantage.Edited to clarify Jon/Robb so you know which I'm talking about.
					
					
							Edited by Jennelyn, 14 May 2012 - 01:49 PM.
185	Karazax	2012-05-14	alright, i will try answering these questions witout giving spoilers,The reason why Jon isn't letting Yvgritte go is because he is afraid that she will warn the wildlings of the nights watch, his plan is simply: find the other rangers > ? >profit, he doesn't realy know what he is gonna do with her.Thanks for the reply.  I can tell he doesn't know what he is going to do with her, I just don't understand why he volunteered to be the one to kill her if he couldn't/ had a problem with it, and why he doesn't kill her now since bringing her back to the rangers would just cause them to kill her anyway.  I guess we will never know now that he is captured, but it didn't make alot of sense to me.  It sure got a lot of screen time compared to some of the more interesting stories.Danys story is very deviated from the books, some of the changes realy don't make any sense, like you pointed out with the things pyat pree is able to do and Stannis, well he is Stannis, lets say it's complicated but he can't just produce a million of shadows, that would require a lot of fucking and would be considered unhonourably, so he can only use the shadows to take out certain enemys while beeing sure that there wouldn't be many witnesses...I see.  Well the honor thing didn't seem to bother Stannis too much, I mean he sent the thing to kill his own brother after all.  And it didn't seem like the smoke creature took very long from the time they had sex to the time it was "born".  I guess an army yes would take a long time, but we don't know what happened to the first one, so if it is still under his command, he might as well make as many as he can, there doesn't seem to be any downside.He hang his men, so others would be frighetend and speak, the plot between Arya/Tywin isn't in the books, so that's something nobody knows how it will turn out :/I guess it just seems like torture would be more effective than killing 20 men and saying even 100 wouldn't be too few.  Dead men don't say anything.The crag is the seat of House Westerling, Robb actualy besieged their castle in the books, looks like they just cut that part out because of financial reasons but plots involving the siege of the crag have been adopted to other Robb scenes in a very nice way /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Interesting, I wonder why they cut the siege out and didn't just have it play out off screen like all the other battles have?The guard was the son of Lord Karstark, who are distant relatives to the starks and Catelyn is aware of that, that if she kills Jaime, Cersei would kill Sansa/Arya who Catelyn thinks are both in the cutody of Cersei.Yeah I caught that part, I just didn't really get what the point of her trip to visit Jaime was for, she didn't seem to be questioning him or anything, just went there and listened to him insult her.Bran/Rickon didn't take horses, because they make noise and because of Hodor who doesn't look like he can ride /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> but rewatch the Bran scenes, and listen carefully to the dialogue with Rickon! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I guess I must have missed something there then.
186	Jennelyn	2012-05-14	Thanks for the reply.  I can tell he doesn't know what he is going to do with her, I just don't understand why he volunteered to be the one to kill her if he couldn't/ had a problem with it, and why he doesn't kill her now since bringing her back to the rangers would just cause them to kill her anyway.  I guess we will never know now that he is captured, but it didn't make alot of sense to me.  It sure got a lot of screen time compared to some of the more interesting stories.He always watched Ned do his own killing. The reason he hesitated was because she was a woman. He's not able to bring himself to kill her even though he knows he should.I see.  Well the honor thing didn't seem to bother Stannis too much, I mean he sent the thing to kill his own brother after all.  And it didn't seem like the smoke creature took very long from the time they had sex to the time it was "born".  I guess an army yes would take a long time, but we don't know what happened to the first one, so if it is still under his command, he might as well make as many as he can, there doesn't seem to be any downside.His brother was trying to take a throne he feels in rightfully his. Also, don't assume that Stannis is fully aware of all of Melisandre's powers and how they work. He may not fully understand his own roll in his brother's death, but he still feels it's right since he had no claim to the throne. Also, the passage of time on the show may be deceiving. They are moving along from one element to the next and you don't always realize how much actual time has past. It's probably more than you think. None of the magic in this show should be thought of as easy. There is usually great effort involved.Yeah I caught that part, I just didn't really get what the point of her trip to visit Jaime was for, she didn't seem to be questioning him or anything, just went there and listened to him insult her.They cut that scene short and I'm sure will continue in the next episode. I'm sure you'll get a better idea of why she's there then. So far she is worried about weather or not he will be murdered which would render him a completely useless prisoner. She may have a plan, or why else would she order that guard to leave?
					
					
							Edited by Jennelyn, 14 May 2012 - 02:44 PM.
187	justashadow	2012-05-14	Would Jaime be important as a "hostage" rather than being killed?
I agree with Fakko about Cersei...it was nice to see her somewhat motherly towards Sansa for once. She showed some humanistice qualities for once. Perhaps because she won't be able to do that with her own daughter.
Theon's face was priceless at the end...I don't suspect he saw that coming but he looked pretty horrified. This maybe his undoing at Winterfell.
188	Callum_S	2012-05-14	i was a little confussed with the 13 meeting when captain creepy face (or the undying guy sorry rubbish with names) stealing the dragon And the other guy talking about being king. did we know about that?
sorry if this is all be explained but my mind wonders a lot and i do pay attenion but things do slip my mind  are i just plain miss it
189	mafalda	2012-05-14	i was a little confussed with the 13 meeting when captain creepy face (or the undying guy sorry rubbish with names) stealing the dragon And the other guy talking about being king. did we know about that?sorry if this is all be explained but my mind wonders a lot and i do pay attention but things do slip my mind  are i just plain miss itNo, because this never happened in the books. The entire thing with Dany's dragons being stolen and her tiny khalasar being killed was never in there, so us bookers are just as confused as you watchers. Apparently they want to lure Dany into the House of the Undying (remember when captain creepy face, Pyat Pree, tells her during the party at Qarth to come visit the House of the Undying?) and then it will pick up from there.
190	mafalda	2012-05-14	Would Jaime be important as a "hostage" rather than being killed?I agree with Fakko about Cersei...it was nice to see her somewhat motherly towards Sansa for once. She showed some humanistice qualities for once. Perhaps because she won't be able to do that with her own daughter.Theon's face was priceless at the end...I don't suspect he saw that coming but he looked pretty horrified. This maybe his undoing at Winterfell.Jaime is very important as a hostage, since the Lannisters have Sansa (and Robb's camp also think they hold Arya). Therefore, should anything happen to Sansa, the Starks will make sure the same will happen to Jaime. Also, to hold the kingslayer himself, is the greatest bargaining tool.
191	Callum_S	2012-05-14	No, because this never happened in the books. The entire thing with Dany's dragons being stolen and her tiny khalasar being killed was never in there, so us bookers are just as confused as you watchers. Apparently they want to lure Dany into the House of the Undying (remember when captain creepy face, Pyat Pree, tells her during the party at Qarth to come visit the House of the Undying?) and then it will pick up from there. yes i do remeber that but i thought danys has just leaving but glad you reader are as lost hahaha and thanks
192	boojam	2012-05-14	Ok, I missed it last week, I guess, at Harrenhal, what the hell became of Little Finger?
193	Jennelyn	2012-05-14	i was a little confussed with the 13 meeting when captain creepy face (or the undying guy sorry rubbish with names) stealing the dragon And the other guy talking about being king. did we know about that?sorry if this is all be explained but my mind wonders a lot and i do pay attenion but things do slip my mind  are i just plain miss itYeah, this was an interesting twist readers are also scratching their heads about. As far as I can tell, Xaro is more ambitious than he was letting on and planned this apparent coup with Pyatt Pree. So now Xaro is king of Qarth instead of just being one of the 13 and Pyatt has Dany's dragons at the House of the Undying, an "invitation"  to which she can no longer refuse. Beyond that, I guess we'll just wait and see.Ok, I missed it last week, I guess, at Harrenhal, what the hell became of Little Finger?  He left after speaking to Tywin. My guess is he's headed back to King's Landing. He hasn't turned up again as of now.
194	justashadow	2012-05-14	I thought Littlefinger was going to Highgarden..he hinted that the Lannisters needed the Tyrells.
195	Buckwheat	2012-05-15	I see.  Well the honor thing didn't seem to bother Stannis too much, I mean he sent the thing to kill his own brother after all.  And it didn't seem like the smoke creature took very long from the time they had sex to the time it was "born".  I guess an army yes would take a long time, but we don't know what happened to the first one, so if it is still under his command, he might as well make as many as he can, there doesn't seem to be any downside.It is not only the honour thing, it is also that making shadowbabies is draining Stannis.Not a spoiler about what happens next, only the explanation:
	Spoiler It is constantly mentioned in the books that Stannies is becoming more gaunt, losing weight, his eyes are becoming hollow and he looks older every day. Melisandre herself says that she dares not exhaust him anymore because it might be dangerous for him. This kind of magic just takes too much energy from him.

					
					
							Edited by Buckwheat, 15 May 2012 - 04:53 AM.
196	Fakko	2012-05-15	You mean Jon Snow, right? (Robb is the King in the North battling in the Riverlands) Jon is young and green and has much to learn and he manages to get himself in over his head.(sigh)... Yes, thank you. I keep doing that. I am aware of who is who, but I keep writing Robb when I mean Jon Snow.
197	Jennelyn	2012-05-15	I thought Littlefinger was going to Highgarden..he hinted that the Lannisters needed the Tyrells.Yes, but he was just with the Tyrells at Renly's camp and they were heading to Highgarden then. Maybe he's already been there. If he goes all the way to Harrenhal and then all the way back to Highgarden, my is he doing a lot of traveling! The show wasn't very clear about where Renly was camped. It seemed to be some hybrid between Bitterbridge and Storm's End(minus the castle), but it's not really that easy to just pop in everywhere. There is distance and travel is slow, not that you can tell that from watching the TV show. Either way, he does seem to be doing some negotiating with the Tyrells/Lannisters and he'll appear again sooner or later. The show probably won't explain his path of travel.
198	chico	2012-05-15	So, this is my first post.  I have not read the books and have told my friends that have to keep their spoilers far away.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  So anything I put in here is pure speculation based on my own inferences from watching the show so far...  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
My thoughts on Ep 7:
Where the hell is Stannis?  I've been under the impression that Renly's army was not too far from King's Landing.  So now that Stannis has that army to add to his own, plus the ships he procured through his deal with the pirates... well, what's taking so long?  (I know it's probably just an issue of the climax to the season and when to start showing us that battle, but I'm getting a little impatient.)
Robb, Robb, Robb.  Come on man.  Yes, the nurse is hot and all, but you can't just let your guard down like that.  Your bannermen are watching and I'm getting the sense they are growing a little discontented with your decisions.  I hope this isn't a foreshadow of him suffering the same fate as every other honorable character thus far...
Theon didn't kill the Stark boys.  He might be conflicted, but those are his little brothers - at least emotionally.  I think the giveaway was that he couldn't look at the crowd when the bodies were unveiled - he's been so proud & sure of himself and his decisions thus far, why would he look away now?  My thinking is that it's the orphan boys that Bran & Luwin sent to the farm earlier this season (when Bran was listening to all the requests).
My theory on the boys - Bran probably told Osha to take them to the Wall.  As far as he knows, Jon Snow (who he considers a brother) and his Uncle Benjen are at the Wall, so that's the safest place for them to go.  We haven't been given any indication that anyone south of the Wall knows that the Night's Watch has headed north.
Oh Dany.  Her pride, ego, and ambition are totally betraying her.  I had thought much more highly of her before now.  It seems obvious that her only play, at this point, is to marry Xaro.  She has nothing to negotiate with anymore.  I suspect that Xaro's "higher ambitions" are to eventually take over the whole island, not just Qarth, and with Dany, he can also take over Westeros.  That would be quite a kingdom to rule over... and he's made sure to let us know that he came from nothing and is a completely made-man.  I'm STILL smarting over those undead guys being way more magical than we previously thought - parlor tricks, my a$$!
I'm loving the exchanges between Tywin & Arya.  I could watch them banter all day.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  I still don't think Tywin knows who she is, but he's teasing little bits of info out of her every time they talk - he at least knows she's nobility of some type now.  Sooner or later her secret will be revealed though - if he finds out soon enough, he'll at least throw her in the brig.  I think she'll escape though - probably with Jaqen.  I don't think she'd use her 3rd name on Tywin - he hasn't really done anything to her and, really, he did save her - and if she hasn't used her 3rd name, then she can probably convince Jaqen to help her escape.
Catelyn.  She can't kill Jamie - she needs him as much now as she ever did if she wants her daughters back.  And I seriously doubt that him ragging on Ned's infidelity will do any more to her than it ever has in the past (plus, even though she won't admit it, she doesn't completely hate Jon Snow - he always acted like a big brother to her own children, so she can't just ignore that).  I think she's going to cut off either a hand or a foot - maybe take his sword hand or take a foot so he can't try to escape so easily again.  That might also convince the bannermen to leave Jamie alone for a bit.
I'm not sure I understand what's going on with Sansa/Shae or Sansa/Cersei.  First, why would Shae risk herself by making a threat?  That other maiden was going to tell Cersei, regardless.  So why risk being put in a cell or killed?  Tyrion told her to lie low.  It's just another moment where I wonder if she's really royalty from another island and we just don't know it yet - she might think she can buy her way out of anything.  (Unless I missed it - has she said anything since we met her in Tyrion's tent and she wouldn't play his game of Truth or Dare?)  I also don't understand Sansa's reaction to bleeding.  Was she under the impression that Joffrey wouldn't want her if she'd EVER bled before?  Surely these people recognize puberty?  Any why does Cersei continue to let Sansa think she'll marry Joffrey?  There is no way that's going to happen.
I know there's a lot of characters to deal with this season, but I feel a little like some absences are too long.  Where's Varys?  Why has Littlefinger been so scarce?  What ever happened to Roz?  Have Margery & Loras made it home yet?  Why do we continue to not see Joffrey in some episodes?  He is the current King, after all.
199	Fakko	2012-05-15	@chico
Her menstruation means she can now bear children and will soon begin doing so for Joffrey. Something she (understandably) wants to delay as long as possible. 
She is betrothed to Joffrey. Short of dying beforehand (I too am a non-reader, but that will soon change) she will marry him I suspect.
200	justashadow	2012-05-15	Yes, but he was just with the Tyrells at Renly's camp and they were heading to Highgarden then. Maybe he's already been there. If he goes all the way to Harrenhal and then all the way back to Highgarden, my is he doing a lot of traveling! The show wasn't very clear about where Renly was camped. It seemed to be some hybrid between Bitterbridge and Storm's End(minus the castle), but it's not really that easy to just pop in everywhere. There is distance and travel is slow, not that you can tell that from watching the TV show. Either way, he does seem to be doing some negotiating with the Tyrells/Lannisters and he'll appear again sooner or later. The show probably won't explain his path of travel.Ok..that might make sense too. I guess he just went there to report to Tywin to procure some type of advancement for himself (And he just had to mention Tyrion) before heading back to KL.
					
					
							Edited by nightshadow, 15 May 2012 - 09:39 PM.
201	Jennelyn	2012-05-15	Where the hell is Stannis?  I've been under the impression that Renly's army was not too far from King's Landing.  So now that Stannis has that army to add to his own, plus the ships he procured through his deal with the pirates... well, what's taking so long?  (I know it's probably just an issue of the climax to the season and when to start showing us that battle, but I'm getting a little impatient.)Oh Dany.  Her pride, ego, and ambition are totally betraying her.  I had thought much more highly of her before now.  It seems obvious that her only play, at this point, is to marry Xaro.  She has nothing to negotiate with anymore.  I suspect that Xaro's "higher ambitions" are to eventually take over the whole island, not just Qarth, and with Dany, he can also take over Westeros.  That would be quite a kingdom to rule over... and he's made sure to let us know that he came from nothing and is a completely made-man.  I'm STILL smarting over those undead guys being way more magical than we previously thought - parlor tricks, my a$$!Catelyn.  She can't kill Jamie - she needs him as much now as she ever did if she wants her daughters back.  And I seriously doubt that him ragging on Ned's infidelity will do any more to her than it ever has in the past (plus, even though she won't admit it, she doesn't completely hate Jon Snow - he always acted like a big brother to her own children, so she can't just ignore that).  I think she's going to cut off either a hand or a foot - maybe take his sword hand or take a foot so he can't try to escape so easily again.  That might also convince the bannermen to leave Jamie alone for a bit.I know there's a lot of characters to deal with this season, but I feel a little like some absences are too long.  Where's Varys?  Why has Littlefinger been so scarce?  What ever happened to Roz?  Have Margery & Loras made it home yet?  Why do we continue to not see Joffrey in some episodes?  He is the current King, after all.Stannis is sailing toward Kings Landing. Though the show wasn't clear about where they were, they were NOT near KL. In the books they were camped at Bitterbridge and then went to Storm's End which would be where Stannis sailed from. (Check maps). Evidently the show doesn't think viewers need to know exactly where the camp was, but you heard Tyrion say in this episode that his fleet was still 5 days away.Qarth is not on an island, but a continent. There really isn't much nearby for Xaro to conquer and all trade would be done by ship. If he were attempting to conquer the entirety of Essos, that would indeed be extremely ambitious and he'd need to be more than just the richest man is Qarth. Dany is certainly learning some hard lessons here, but don't give up on her yet. She's in a difficult situation, but she is an extraordinary woman indeed. She's already been through a lot and is young yet.I think you're wrong about Catelyn hating Jon Snow. Hate may be a strong word, but she basically tolerated him because Ned insisted. As far as she's concerned he's a constant reminder of Ned's apparent infidelity. She'd be stupid to kill Jaime, yes, but I don't doubt that his words are hitting her hard.Littlefinger is in transit somewhere trying to work some miracles with Tyrells. I'm sure he'll pop up soon enough. Roz can stay scarce as far as I'm concerned. I haven't missed her. As for characters being missing at times, it just speaks to the enormity of the scope of the series. There are so many scattered about in so many places that they couldn't possibly follow them all during every episode. There is an immense amount of detail in the source material and therefore HBO has a pretty tall order with the adaption. They'll show you what you need to see and try to keep you focused on what is important at the time. It should all fall into place in due time.Ok..that might make sense too. I guess he just went there to report to Tywin to procure some type of advancement for himself (And he just had to mention Tyrion) before heading back to KL.Really, it's pretty unclear exactly where Littlefinger is right now. I'm guessing, but the writers obviously don't want the viewers to know exactly what he's doing at the moment so they're keeping him off the radar.
202	boojam	2012-05-16	I notice the preview of episode 8 has  been changed so it now says '3 episodes left'.
203	Jennelyn	2012-05-17	Another little tidbit I just thought of in regards to the warlock's powers. When the dragons came into the world, they brought with them magic that had been long lost and muted. Now that there are dragons, magic in the world of Ice and Fire has more magnitude.
204	chico	2012-05-17	Stannis is sailing toward Kings Landing. Though the show wasn't clear about where they were, they were NOT near KL. In the books they were camped at Bitterbridge and then went to Storm's End which would be where Stannis sailed from. (Check maps). Evidently the show doesn't think viewers need to know exactly where the camp was, but you heard Tyrion say in this episode that his fleet was still 5 days away.Thanks for that.  I must've missed the 5 days comment and I'm not familiar with any larger or more expansive maps (as I mentioned, I haven't read the books).  I've been avoiding reading too much about the characters or the world so that things don't get spoiled for me.Qarth is not on an island, but a continent. There really isn't much nearby for Xaro to conquer and all trade would be done by ship. If he were attempting to conquer the entirety of Essos, that would indeed be extremely ambitious and he'd need to be more than just the richest man is Qarth.Ahh, ok.  I guess the opening credits gave me the impression that Vaes Dothrak and Qarth were on opposite ends of an island that's a bit smaller than Westeros.Dany is certainly learning some hard lessons here, but don't give up on her yet. She's in a difficult situation, but she is an extraordinary woman indeed. She's already been through a lot and is young yet.I don't want to give up on her - she did survive a fire, after all.  But the bratiness right now is a little overwhelming.  I guess I also find it hard to believe that she's become so power-hungry.  It makes her, at least at the moment, no different than her brother (or from the sound of it, any of the prior Targaryen kings).  Maybe 'losing it' a little is just a trait of that family; if so, she's likely to fall from my radar as someone to root for over the long-term.I think you're wrong about Catelyn hating Jon Snow. Hate may be a strong word, but she basically tolerated him because Ned insisted. As far as she's concerned he's a constant reminder of Ned's apparent infidelity. She'd be stupid to kill Jaime, yes, but I don't doubt that his words are hitting her hard.I hear you here, but I still think that she isn't going to ignore that, for instance, all of her kids looked on Jon Snow very favorably.  I don't believe she's just going to get lost in her emotions, especially rage or anger.  Even in her arguments with Robb, the things she's saying are very balanced and pragmatic.  It just seems out of character that Jamie could knock her off kilter with insults that's she been dealing with for so long.Littlefinger is in transit somewhere trying to work some miracles with Tyrells. I'm sure he'll pop up soon enough.I guess I don't see the point of scattering the Small Council already.  I know that Joffrey's reign is already fairly tenuous and unstable, but all through the first season, we were led to believe that Littlefinger and Varys were running things more than it seemed on the surface.  Now in this season, they are almost afterthoughts.  It's just creating a little imbalance for me.Roz can stay scarce as far as I'm concerned. I haven't missed her.I like Roz.  Her dialogue and the way she's able to hold her own with the powerful men she's around just gave the impression she was more than just the garden variety wench.  Again, it's like the stuff we saw in season 1 has just been thrown out now regarding her character.As for characters being missing at times, it just speaks to the enormity of the scope of the series. There are so many scattered about in so many places that they couldn't possibly follow them all during every episode. There is an immense amount of detail in the source material and therefore HBO has a pretty tall order with the adaption. They'll show you what you need to see and try to keep you focused on what is important at the time. It should all fall into place in due time.Oh, I definitely get the scope.  And I don't know that I expect to see every character in every episode - sometimes other characters simply talking about those absent is enough.  But to not see or hear about some characters at all seems a little uneven.
205	Jennelyn	2012-05-19	Chico,HBO has a viewers guide and the map looks to be pretty good. You shouldn't have anything spoiled for you by looking at it and you'll gain a lot of insight into the world. http://viewers-guide...hrones/season2/Dany has always been one of my favorite characters because of the way she went from being such a scared abused young girl to a strong, ambitious young woman and leader of people. I think currently in the show she is asserting herself and trying to make things happen rather than being patient. Because she has her dragons she is a little too confident that she can get what she wants, but her dragons need to grow up and she will need an army. She is showing her young age by failing to comprehend what it will really take to conquer the 7 Kingdoms. She also has no idea how to rule once she's conquered so I'd chalk it up to ignorance. Unlike her brother, she cares for people (saving slaves from being raped last season and looking out for her Dothraki followers) and she isn't cruel or abusive. If you cross her, she'll let you have it, but she won't prey upon the weak.As for Catelyn, she does do a good job of keeping her composure and remaining pragmatic. I would say that she does have good reasons for doing the things she does and if she has a weakness, it's her children. It'll be interesting to see how that scene plays out because Jaime does seem to be getting to her. She really can't stand that man for what he did to Bran and he has a mouth on him.Littlefinger has been busy doing the bidding of the King and the Hand of the King. Varys is around even if they haven't shown him lately. This happens in the books too. You don't hear from characters for a while sometimes, but then they pop up and you see they've been quite busy. I'd say with the show it's either because of time limitations or the fact they don't want you to see what a they're up to that they leave a character out episodes. Also, it could get boring just watching them travel from point A to point B if that's all they are doing. I have to give the show credit for finding ways to keep many of the characters on screen. Dany and Robb really don't show up much in the part of the books this season is based on. They know they can't just leave them out so they are inventing scenes for them and so far it's working pretty well. And it's nice to keep the book readers guessing as well. I think I'm a little biased when it comes to Roz since she's not a character from the books. I didn't mind her at all last season, but this season I was a little annoyed with how much screen time she was getting. I don't get how she just shows up at Kings Landing and all of the sudden she seems to be running Littlefinger's brothel.
206	perception	2012-05-21	Brilliant episode! Im wondering if anyone knows the id of the beautiful track played on the ending credits? itÂ´s beautifulll!!!
207	chico	2012-05-21	Thanks again, Jennelyn.  Good insights.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  I'll check out those maps you mentioned...
208	Whitering	2012-05-23	Wow, they made Jaime worse than in the books.
209	Sandor's Hound	2012-08-14	Why was Lord Tywin offended when Arya asked if he knew any stonemasons?
210	Masamune	2012-08-15	Why was Lord Tywin offended when Arya asked if he knew any stonemasons?Arya was being sarcastic. Lord Tywin isn't one to associate himself with the commonfolk.Or I could be pulling tha out of my ass. That's how I interpreted it, anyway.
211	Ran	2012-04-29	Book spoiler discussion of the show goes here, for those who want to discuss the episode in relation to the books, and with reference to spoilers from them.
This topic should open automatically around the start of airing.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 29 April 2012 - 05:59 PM.
212	Arjuous	2012-05-13	Why aren't they waiting in the crypts? /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
213	lostinwesteros	2012-05-13	I know!  I wanted to see those crypts again!
214	dark  sister	2012-05-13	Why aren't they waiting in the crypts? /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Patience, grasshopper /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  I'm sure the idea will occur to them (read: Bran).I really love the scene with Ygritte and John. I think that she is a wonderful actress! They have great chemistry together, too.
215	Istari	2012-05-13	I'm really not feeling the Tywin/arya dynamic...
216	Baitac	2012-05-13	I am LOVING the Tywin/Arya dynamic!!
217	Baitac	2012-05-13	Sansa's hair matches her new, sad status. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
218	Istari	2012-05-13	I am LOVING the Tywin/Arya dynamic!!How do you love it? It is beyond uncharacteristic for Lord Tywin.
219	Ser Hippie	2012-05-13	I really like Rose Leslie as Ygritte.
Arya's getting herself into trouble with Tywin, not sure I quite buy it this week (Tywin seems a little too fatherly/friendly this time) but I still like the two of them sharing scenes.
I was also pleased by the BwB mention and Roose continuing to drop hints about torturing people. Also, Lord Karstark returns!
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 13 May 2012 - 08:24 PM.
220	Arjuous	2012-05-13	How do you love it? It is beyond uncharacteristic for Lord Tywin.Additionally, did he just imply that he knows who she is?
221	Istari	2012-05-13	I agree Ser Hippie: Rose Leslie is doing a stellar job
					
					
							Edited by istari, 13 May 2012 - 08:24 PM.
222	Fire Princess Arianne	2012-05-13	"You know nothing Jon Snow"
223	Baitac	2012-05-13	How do you love it? It is beyond uncharacteristic for Lord Tywin.I enjoy it because it is uncharacteristic. She is not his daughter, but Arya reminds him of her. Arya is intelligent, and an interesting  distraction for him. I can see this happening, under the right circumstances. He is involved in a war and he is excited and riding high. These conversations are stressless to him. They work.
					
					
							Edited by Baitac, 13 May 2012 - 09:25 PM.
224	Triskan	2012-05-13	The show is really deviating from the books.  Jeyne Westerling is worth losing a kingdom over.
225	Istari	2012-05-13	I enjoy it because it is uncharacteristic. She is not his daughter, but Arya reminds her of her. Arya is intelligent and an interesting  distraction for him. I can see this happening, under the right circumstances. He is involved in a war and he is excited and riding high. These conversations are stress less to him. They work.Valid point. But personally, I am not pleased with their relationship.
226	Arjuous	2012-05-13	Ok what the fuck....
227	Istari	2012-05-13	seriously... though...what the fuck is going on
228	Ser Hippie	2012-05-13	So they changed Jaime's escape. I can't say I understand why he had to kill Alton rather than just beat him up but maybe I'm missing something. I guess chains aren't the most precise of weapons.
Hmm and now Pyat/Xaro plotting together....and wiping out the leadership of Qarth(!) I do have to admit I'm looking forward to the House of the Undying now.
edit: so was the jailer one of Karstark's sons?
edit2: I guess he was, that's sort of stupid as a change but eh. Good choice of cliffhangers (will be interesting to see if non-readers buy the last one), looks like Jon's storyline is really being altered though.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 13 May 2012 - 09:06 PM.
229	Fire Princess Arianne	2012-05-13	Damn! Even "Knowing" what will happen. That was a heartstopping ending!
230	Lany Cassandra	2012-05-13	Did I misunderstand?  Did it say only 2 more episodes left?
231	AnikaUnderfoot	2012-05-13	Its getting quite off track, imo. Not sure how I feel about it yet.
232	Qwop22	2012-05-13	So did anyone else notice during the preview for episode 18, it said only two episodes left? Uh, I am pretty sure there's three episodes left! lol
233	MyGiantofLannister	2012-05-13	I loved the theme at the end, fits it.
The changes were well-made though. 
I loved this episode just like all the others.
More Rickon and Hodor!!!!
This episode made me have a thing for Ygrette though
234	Ser Joe of House Targaryen	2012-05-13	Enjoyed this episode so much. I am now completely over the fact that they are deviating from the books. The show and the books are two different animals, deal with it. Frankly, I think the writers are so capable. Yes, it is weird seeing Arya and Tywin have these interludes, but its just so damn entertaining. And now Dany has a real, serious reason to have Drogon burn the House of the Undying to the ground! Cant wait to see that. /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
235	Lord Godric	2012-05-13	I loved the Catelyn/Jaime dynamic and think it was a good decision to move it up to this episode.  The rest of the episode fell a little flat.  I'm entirely confused about whats happening in Qarth, though I don't exactly hate it (but that may be because I don't know what happened). 
They're doing the Theon at Winterfell part nicely, I think, although they made it relatively obvious that those were not Bran and Rickon's bodies. Besides the Catelyn/Jaime, Winterfell, and the quick Tyrion/Cersei scenes I'm undecided about the rest of the episode.
236	ckal	2012-05-13	I was a little surprised that They showed Catelyn about to free Jaime before she 'finds out' about Bran and Rickon being killed by Theon.
WOuld have made her decision as a desperate and depressed mother that much more powerful.
237	aswethinkweis	2012-05-13	Cercei is a crazy bitch, Tywin is an asshole. He is also smart as heck. He would definitely suspect that she is Arya.
I hope Jon still has to kill halfhand, otherwise, whats his excuse?
The plot changes I can deal with, but why change the characters personality. I enjoyed how much I hated Cersei and Tywin in the books.
They ended the episode in a good spot though
					
					
							Edited by aswethinkweis, 13 May 2012 - 09:15 PM.
238	ckal	2012-05-13	I loved the Catelyn/Jaime dynamic and think it was a good decision to move it up to this episode.  The rest of the episode fell a little flat.  I'm entirely confused about whats happening in Qarth, though I don't exactly hate it (but that may be because I don't know what happened).They're doing the Theon at Winterfell part nicely, I think, although they made it relatively obvious that those were not Bran and Rickon's bodies. Besides the Catelyn/Jaime, Winterfell, and the quick Tyrion/Cersei scenes I'm undecided about the rest of the episode.My brother figured it out instantly, that the two bodies weren't Bran and Rickon.They need to give Jaime something to do so I think it's a good idea to have moved his story along a bit.Jon Snow has been completely wasted the last episode and a half.Dany's story certainly has a lot of twists and turns right now. The House of the Undying should be very interesting.
239	House Snow	2012-05-13	Catelyn was just awesome this episode.  She totally pulled off being formindable.  Really like show catelyn better than book catelyn.  SEriously who cares that Jaimie killed a random guy who is barely related to him.  It was nowhere near as bad as people were making it out to be.
240	ckal	2012-05-13	I hope Jon still has to kill halfhand, otherwise, whats his excuse?Judging by the preview, it looks like they will have captured the halfhand and force Jon to kill him, or the halfhand finds him. Either way, Jon's 'turncloak' act will seem completely underwhelming. Why they decided to have Jon Snow chase Ygritte for 2 episodes instead of go off with Halfhand and everything makes no sense to me.
241	Trebla	2012-05-13	HA! I called Jon Snow getting "blue balls" last week and Ygritte confirms. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> It was a good scene between the two because while her teasing is fun, it re-established Jon's vows and shows the diiferences bewteen the Watch and the Free People.
Very excited to hear the Mountain mention the BwB. I'm not quite sure what Tywin's endgame is with his treatment of Arya. But because the actors have such good chemistry and it gives new viewers some exposition, I can dig it.
I do like the writers putting the Karstarks in now rather than last season. It's fresher this way.
Good episode overall. I might have to just put in my sig "It's an adaptation, it's not going to be completely faithful to the book!"
eta: Forgot to finish a point.
					
					
							Edited by Trebla, 13 May 2012 - 09:39 PM.
242	Fez	2012-05-13	So did anyone else notice during the preview for episode 18, it said only two episodes left? Uh, I am pretty sure there's three episodes left! lolYeah I saw that. I thought there was going to be another tag with "until the final episode" but nope, they just left it like that. Maybe the promo folks are so excited about the Blackwater they forgot there's another episode after that?Anyway as for this episode, its a mixed bag. I liked almost all the individual parts but I thought the episode as a whole was just a little underwhelming; possibly due to a noticeable lack of Tyrion until near the end. I like the Jon/Ygritte interaction but I'm just not sure how they are going to have that story go in a place that makes sense. On the other hand I'm totally on board with the Qarth changes. Pyat Pree is nuts and since none of it really matters in the end I really like having a storyline that I have no idea where its going.  Tywin/Arya was fun, although I'm ready for her storyline to start to move forward again.  Theon's still such a shit; also I think they made it very clear that those bodies aren't really Bran and Rickon.  I'm so glad Jaime is back in the story again too; and he knocked his scenes outta the park. I agree though that it would've made more sense for his scene with Cat to wait until she heard about Bran and Rickon.
243	Perin Stone	2012-05-13	Did I misunderstand?  Did it say only 2 more episodes left?It did.  Are we sure there is an episode 10?
244	House Snow	2012-05-13	I sort of wish the bodies had been more recognizable, but it was going to be a prettty hard scene to pull off.
245	ThePickler	2012-05-13	I am actually enjoying the Quarth storyline more than the one in the book. The House of Undying scene in the COK felt like an anvil fell on your head. In the show the capabilities of the warlocks are being shown more so that should help soften the blow. 
Overall it was my favorite episode of the season.
246	Magic 8 Ball	2012-05-13	My wife, who is a non-book reader, figured out Bran and Rickon aren't dead immediately.
That's my only thumbs down.
Otherwise, love the massive story changes for Dany, she needed it.
Other changes sounded worse in text (spoiler wise) than they seemed on screen.  Liking it so far.  My books are my books, and my show is my show.  Deal with it.
It's also nice for once that my wife asks me what is going on, and I can honestly say "I have no idea".
247	Istari	2012-05-13	Cercei is a crazy bitch, Tywin is an asshole. He is also smart as heck. He would definitely suspect that she is Arya.I hope Jon still has to kill halfhand, otherwise, whats his excuse?The plot changes I can deal with, but why change the characters personality. I enjoyed how much I hated Cersei and Tywin in the booksi agree - plot changes (while I certainly do not like them) I can get over - most of them are for the sake of time and maintaining the momentum of the story. BUT when they alter the essence of a character's nature? That I cannot accept. Though thankfully, we haven't had too many departures from the personalities we read in the novels.I think they've done a good job with Ygritte, despite all of this 'where are my brothers/you are my hostage' nonsense.The final scene at Winterfell was well done, in my opinion. And Maester Luwin's scream at the end was absolutely heart breaking.I know I've already complained about this... but I cannot accept that Lord Tywin and Arya would have a relationship of this kind - and him implying that he knows about her noble birth? What was that about?!Cersei is too sympathetic - another point that someone has already mentioned, but I agree with.The Cat/Jaime relationship (so far...) has been somewhat true too the essence of their relationship in ACOKDany...oh Dany.... why have they portrayed her so...unqueenly? Though, I find the Qarth changes very funOverall, great television, but a mediocre adaptation
					
					
							Edited by istari, 13 May 2012 - 09:25 PM.
248	Cheese Pudding	2012-05-13	Now the House of the Undying will be good, the visions are coming!
I want to see what will they do concerning:
Tyrion's chain
Qhorin's death
The first because we didn't see any other move from Tyrion, except the Wildfire.
The second because Jon will be presented to Rattleshirt next week, so how will he meet Qhorin, talk to him and be ambushed? I don't want to see Jon betraying the NW like this (pretending right away), it was not the way that happened in the books.
249	Carne	2012-05-13	New Mountain still disappoints me. Comes off as your average Lannister guard.
250	AnikaUnderfoot	2012-05-13	So I don't think I mind the show getting off track, I actually kind of like that I don't know exactly whats going to happen next.
Jon/Ygritte, while entertaining (I love her blue-ball quips!) is going in a direction I'm entirely not sure of. I'm just worried they might have Jon turncloack for real, not his storyline double-agent plot.
Glad Sansa got some much needed (imo) screentime! Thought she played her panic perfectly. Glad to see Shae wasn't holding the knife to her throat (as I had thought from the preview from last week).
I do like the Tywin/Arya scenes, although she is completely giving herself away, and Tywin knows it. Not sure how thats going to work out!
I'm also unsure of the timing with Bran/Rickon and Catelyn/Jaime. She's already standing in his pen with a sword in her hand even though "Bran and Rickon's" death has just been revealed to us, and she doesn't even know it yet.
I'm glad Dany is finally doing something, although I totally did not see Pyat Pree/Xaro plotting together. My laptop doesn't get that loud unfortunatly, was he declaring himself King? or something? Either way I quite like these scenes, its completely new stuff but in the end she's still going to end up at the House of the Undying so I'm just enjoying the ride along the way.
251	dark  sister	2012-05-13	Even though I am really happy that GOT was made into a series, I think that Benioff&Weiss have unfortunately bit off more than they could chew.  Here's why:
In season 1, there were less characters, and although there was still a lot of background that made the story complicated and perhaps a bit difficult to understand for non-readers, it worked.  (Background info such as CotF, First Men, Andals, Targaryen history, the many gods in the series are what I am referring to.)  What helped make season 1 more cohesive was the fact that Ned Stark was the center of the storm, so to speak. He was the loveable patriarch of a noble family and most of the events derived from him -- Robert's offering him the position of Hand, which meant that his queen and Jaime were in Winterfell, etc. etc.  Ned's BEING THERE set off a bunch of chain reactions, and once he agreed to be Robert's Hand, all the plotting started.  
The only characters who were not really surrounding Ned Stark in the plot were Viserys and Dany.  They were also separated geographically.  However, the writers did a good job of explaining why they were in exile and what they were trying to accomplish.
Once Ned was executed, all hell broke loose, and I mean that in a couple of ways.  Firstly, people who hadn't read the books were shocked and pissed that the "main character" of the series had been killed.  Secondly, it accelerated the War of the 5 Kings. Thirdly, and most importantly, I observed a splintering effect of the storyline - now, instead of a plot that is very textured/includes subplots, but is basically still about Ned and his family (as well as Dany) it became a hundred different storylines.
One thing that struck me forcefully was how much each episode of season 2 skips around.  In the first season, each episode seemed like it spent much more time on each character, and the cut from one scene to another was seamless and well-segued.  This season, it runs sort of like this: two minutes with Theon hunting the boys - cut - one minute with Bran/Rickon/Osha/Hodor going towards a village - cut - Dany trying to find her dragons for two minutes - cut - Sansa talking with the Hound for 1 minute - cut - Arya and Tywin Lannister talking for 3 minutes (incredibly uncharacteristically, btw -- he even smiles a couple of times) - cut - Sansa gets her period and talks with Cersei for two minutes - cut - Jaime maunders on with a character - Alton?? - who wasn't in the books for four minutes, strangles him and a Karstark son, escapes - cut - Tyrion and Cersei have a heart-to-heart even though Tyrion has already delivered the infamous line of "your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth"....um, what? - cut - etc. etc. etc.
I didn't want to generalize before I had seen more than half of series 2, but this fragmented style of filming book 2 is disorienting and annoying.  I understand that this might seem natural because there are 5 kings in the land, so naturally everyone will be all over the place, but what happens when even more characters are added as the series progresses?  Will we only see half a minute of each character, unable to savor the longer interactions we enjoyed in season 1?  It appears that although the adaptation of the books to TV is well-intentioned, there might be an inevitable downward spiral of fragmentation because of the growing cast, the growing complexity of the plot, and the unnecessary scenes they add to the show. (Perfect example: why on earth did they steal Dany's dragons?  If they hadn't made that decision, there would have been extra time to use for longer scenes with the characters.)
Aside from that, my opinion of episode 7 is much like it has been for all the other episodes thus far -- I am left dissatisfied (unfortunately).  The only high point for me was John & Ygritte's interactions.  I love the actress playing her - she's got her character spot-on and even though in the book I always HATED it when she said "you know nothing, Jon Snow", I thought the way she delivered that line was absolutely fantastic.  Grim, and not playful as I had always imagined.
					
					
							Edited by dark  sister, 15 May 2012 - 10:21 AM.
252	Laohu	2012-05-13	What did Dagmer show Theon before they ordered Maester Luwin to be sent back to Winterfell? It looked like walnut shells - ones that Rickon would throw to the side after snacking.
Oh yea, eery music at the conclusion, which set the mood perfectly.
More deviations from the book obviously, but I am not going to complain about any of them. Terrific episode.
253	Bride of Winter	2012-05-13	I admit I was really hesitant at first, but I'm so glad everything's coming into place with Robb and Catelyn's storyline (and downfall). Jeyne is obviously going to reveal herself as Jeyne soon (hbo's so cut-happy, they wouldn't include the Crag unless it had a major purpose), we have a very angry Karstark, a build-up with Jaime, and "Bran" and "Rickon" dead.I'm going to sound really nitpicky here - but Robb and Jeyne must sleep together in the next episode. I'm fine with them taking time to build their relationship in the first place, but Bran and Rickon's deaths has to be the catalyst. It's what set everything into motion. Some pre-existing feelings is fine, but their marriage has to be on a whim right after they have sex, which was also on a whim. I'm just kind of worried because it wasn't in the preview for the next episode, but  they showed them kissing in the  general s2 previews /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Same goes with Cat and Jaime. I'm actually not fond of them making Cat contemplate freeing Jaime before her kids are killed, but whatever. I'm convinced they're gonna get this one right though.
					
					
							Edited by Bride of Winter, 13 May 2012 - 09:32 PM.
254	axels15	2012-05-13	They are taking a lot of liberties, but I still think the episode works overall. Honestly, the only change that worries me is why Jon will kill the Halfhand... they can't change something so fundamental to his character, right?
Other Changes: The timing (and therefore reason) of Cat freeing Jaime. In the books, she learns that two of her sons (Bran and Rickon) are "Dead" and in a fit of motherly rage(?), she frees Jaime in order to broker a deal with the imp to free her daughters.
In the show, she does it before learning of Bran and Rickon, and does so because she knows Jaime will be killed (Which would spell the deaths her daughters, without a doubt). So, I don't have a problem with it. Both choices were fueled by motherly tendencies, and so the basis is intact. It just makes her a little worse, cause she doesn't have the excuse of grief.
Jaime killing his cousin - Don't really have any issue with it, because it will make his redemption that much more important to viewers, which I'm sure is what they were going for. Also, he's been in like, 2 episodes, they needed to give him an extended scene so the audience didn't forget about him.
The Dragon storyline continues to change. Again, I have no issue with this. Her story in the book is, imo, kinda uninteresting until the house of the undying, and by then it's almost "what's the point?" Now there is a point! The whole thing with Xaro betraying her to be king, that's weird, but it certainly fits in with the character they've made him into, so consistency.
And, as I mentioned, Jon Snow. Captured by Wildlings, somewhat early and without the Halfhand. It looked in the scenes from next week like he might attempt an escape, which would then allow him to get back to the halfhand, and then would lead everything up as it should be. If he stays with the Wildlings, though, then it becomes another issue. It'll be interesting to see where they go with it, but I do hope they don't drastically change his character.
Things I liked:
The Arya/Tywin scene was spectacular, as always. It does require some suspension of disbelief that Tywin would simply strike up conversations with his serving girl, but once you get past that, it's a wonderful scene, with not a little bit of snark. I will be disappointed when the opportunity for them to be together ends.
Theon's scenes - He's really a great actor, though I imagine everyone who haven't read the books are really going to be calling for his blood after this episode. One thing I will say is that it could have been slightly more obvious who the hanging bodies were supposed to be â<U+0080><U+0094> Both my father and my friend, who haven't read the books, asked me who the hanging, charred bodies were, because he never really says their names. I had to deadpan and say Bran and Rickon without giving up any spoilers. That was REALLY difficult, I'm not the best at poker.
Jaime/Cat scene - While for one reason or another, Jaime's first scene didn't do it for me (probably because he's one of my favorite characters and I prefer "Redeemed Jaime," his scene with Cat was perfect. The quips about Brienne were especially funny and I can't wait for them to get more screen time together.
Sansa/Shae - I'm well aware how much of a hated character Shae is by many of the book readers, but I thought this scene was pretty damn good. Sansa's horror at having her first "flowering" was a stronger reason than in the books (coming from a male, so please don't kill me if I'm a bit off) And Shae is become more of a 'real' character in my mind, which will make her betrayal in the end so much more important (although also slightly strange, because why protect sansa but betray tyron? This will have to be adressed)
Ygritte - Favorite part of the show right now. She's just really outstanding, and while I am worried about what's going on with Jon's story, I can't say that I don't enjoy the extra time she is getting to spend with him. Imo, she's rivaling Peter Dinklage in humor (who strangely didn't get a lot of screen time today)
Honestly, nothing stood out to me as something I didn't like. Except maybe Dany's scene with Mormont. I know she's in grieving, but honestly, to me she sounds like a spoiled brat. This probably has to do with me not really liking her character in general. I'd love to hear other opinions on this, because maybe I'm not being fair to her?
I have a few worries of where the show will end up, but they're minor. I'm loving the show and I can't wait to see where it goes from here!
					
					
							Edited by axels15, 13 May 2012 - 09:32 PM.
255	NedFlanderStark	2012-05-13	Awesome episode, thought all the Winterfell, Catelyn/Jaime and Qarth scenes were all really well done.  Whoever the actress is that plays Ygritte is doing a fantastic job
256	Triskan	2012-05-13	Michelle Fairley is so awesome.  I know that a lot of people didn't like her as the choice originally, but she owns on screen as Cat. 
Trebs - You bring your lewd comments last week and now you do a victory dance?  How dare you, Ser?  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
I am still torn on Jaime's killing of Alton.  Here is why.  Yes, Jaime has done some things that have earned him his repute.  He is The Kingslayer, after all.  And he pushed Bran Stark from a window.  But the first act was arguably a noble act (loved his thing tonight about how you have to break vows to follow other vows), and the Bran incident was understandable to some degree however distasteful.  But tonight's killing felt different and not something I'm sure our Jaime would really do.  Now he's a kinslayer too.  Sure, you could come up with motivations like captivation, desperation, etc., to use to compare it to the Bran incident.  But it just feels different to me.
257	mafalda	2012-05-13	Okay. This episode was bad.
I'm not just saying that because they strayed from the books big time. If you're gonna stray, replace it with something interesting.
I'd like to start off with where is Varys? We've seen him maybe once this season. I miss the Spider! Also, they've been showing a lot of Robb's camp, but where is the Greatjon?? He was hilarious last season!
And where'ssss Ramsay? Theon flayed, er... burned the children without him! We got the green light from Roose, but where is the bastard of Bolton??
I don't even know what to discuss. Nothing happened in this episode. Transition episode I suppose. If Dany doesn't hurry up and get into the House of the Undying I'm going to scream! Because it looks like in next week's episode she'll still be wandering around, wondering what to do. And she acts like a real brat in the show. I'm curious about Doreah's whereabouts, and what role she had in Dragongate.
Tywin and Arya. Yes, the acting is great, but it's starting to become a little unbelievable at this point. The endless chatting was enough, but Tywin feeding Arya? Strange.
Sansa's flowering. Sigh. Um, why would the Hound just be hanging around Sansa's room in the morning? I mean I get that he comes to her room at the end, but it just seemed strange in that moment. And I get the feeling he wouldn't snitch on her, because it's obvious he feels something for her. Shae running around protecting Sansa. Whatever. How difficult would it have been to have one of her other handmaids walk in and find her then tell the Queen?
Did I miss something? was that Cleos Frey that Jaime killed?
Talisa seems reluctant to go to the Crag... Hmm....
I'm interested in seeing what they're doing with Jon here. I just want to know how the whole "I'm gonna kill Qhorin because he told me to so I can join Mance and spy on the wildlings" ordeal is gonna work, because I don't think he's had that conversation with Qhorin yet, has he?
I'm normally not one of those people who come on here and bitch about the episodes, but I just feel like this one definitely wasn't one of my favorites.
Goodnight.
258	Howling Mad	2012-05-13	Jaime steals the show arguing with Cat, bravo.
Arya and Tywin = perfection. Too bad it can't last.
Cersei with a conscience who knew.
259	towerofjoy	2012-05-13	My husband, non-book reader and casual watcher, figured out immediately they weren't the boys. When I asked where he thought they were, he didn't have a clue but figures they'd be pretty obvious out on the road.
I like the Qarth changes, makes it more interesting. Cersei being so honest with Tyrion was a surprise but it won't last o course. Jon running around with his blue boys and Ygritte is somewhat annoying but a good set up for the next season or two.
I can't quite figure out the Jeyne/talisa thing but think she's up to no good. Wonder if she'll have a change of heart later on and feel horrible about RW. 
And like the Tywin/Arya dynamic - and good to see Arya hasn't gone all Stockholm-y. Unlike her sister she knows better than to trust people just because they aren't threatening to rape/beat/kill her at every turn.
260	axels15	2012-05-13	It did.  Are we sure there is an episode 10?imdb shows ten episodes. They prob just made a mistake
261	Laohu	2012-05-13	Cheese Pudding, regarding Tyrion's chain, I cannot possibly foresee them including it in the battle. There is absolutely no setup for it whatsoever, and that is really a shame. I wished to see some of Tyrion's tactical brilliance come to life.
262	Warden of the North121	2012-05-13	Regarding Qhorin and Jon:
My theory is that the Lord of Bones captures Qhorin too and while they're captive and alone Qhorin knows they're *beep* so he tells Jon to pretend to go turncloak and suggest they face off. This could either turn out to be a really good change or a disastrous one.
263	Christina Ceriddwynn	2012-05-13	hmmm well they have changed up Danys story!  Granted her story bored me to death in the books so I dont care.
I am wondering what is up with Tywin and Arya as well and wondering if we are going to miss out on Weasel Soup  /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
Tywin needs to be leaving soon so Roose can arrive!
Jon and Ygritte....well ok so a change but they seem to be investing a lot of time into them when I think that time should be spent on other characters. 
Sansa.....well not exactly the serpentine steps or a rooftop but....at least she is interacting with the Hound!  I died when they had him standing in her bedroom with her first period....omg.....
what's up with the shae/sansa friendship, though??  and when is sansa going to meet dontos in the godswood?
264	Bastard of Boston	2012-05-13	Jamie finally gets something to do! As does Rickon. I wonder if the two actors practiced lines together to make sure their performances in this episode were extra special. I appreciated the reminder that Jamie exists, and I liked how they were able to portray how much of a likeable asshole he is. Alton Lannister, you died so that Jamie Lannister could be awesome. I'm sure you understand.
This does create a dilemma, though. As much as the sadist in me liked the tactic, this muddies up his whole redemption thing. Oops. Then again, we're talking about a man who pushes children out windows, so...
Enjoyed how Jon was essentially Ygritte's prisoner long before Jon was actually her prisoner. Talk about cruel and unusual punishment. Yeah, I'm going to like Ygritte much more on the show. I didn't even want to kill myself when she said, "You know nothing, Jon Snow." That right there is a huge personal triumph for me. Should I just make my Skeletor joke now, or wait until next week?
Tywin comparing Arya to Cersei was very interesting. After I got done laughing, I actually gave it some thought. I suppose there's something to it, ya know, once you get over the whole "Cersei is a psychotic bitch who sleeps with her brothers and cousins...maybe mother, if she wasn't dead" thing. They also found a way to include a bunch of nice background on Harrenhal and Aegon -- book readers everywhere shouted at the TV, "I totally knew that! I bet you don't know who the second Targaryen King was, show!" And, I appreciated the fact that Arya's deception isn't totally one-sided and that Tywin is, at least, noting all of her inconsistencies. I choose to believe that he's playing along...for now.
Tyrion was surprisingly absent tonight, but loved the awkward moment with Cersei..."...am I supposed to hug you right now? Because I really don't want to do that. Maybe if I...pat her on the back? Damn it, the window closed...think I'll just leave."
Shot of Harrenhal was great...it's the first time it looked impressive to me. Still not as impressive as I imagined it to be, but at least it looks a bit more expansive than a medieval jungle gym.
Good that we're learning so much more about Quaithe than we have in the novels. For example, her hobbies. Besides being weird and creepy, she enjoys erotic body painting.
With the Crag being name-dropped, I'm going all in on Talisa = Jeyne.
Not sure how I feel about the Qarth developments...I may just let everyone else influence me on this -- all else fails, popular opinion is the best way to go. I kind of slept through Dany Does Qarth in the books...up until the House of the Undying, anyway. The assasination scene was pretty damn awesome. Pyat Pree's got style.
					
					
							Edited by Bastard of Boston, 13 May 2012 - 10:37 PM.
265	Istari	2012-05-13	New Mountain still disappoints me. Comes off as your average Lannister guard.I agree. I think they've 'toned down' both Clegane brothers...
266	mafalda	2012-05-13	The show is really deviating from the books.  Jeyne Westerling is worth losing a kingdom over.Lolol!Oh and what do they mean two episodes left? I thought we had three??
267	Bride of Winter	2012-05-13	With my Robb centric post aside (he's my favorite and thus requires entire posts for my nitpicking), here are some more of my thoughts 
- despite the lack of Ramsay/Reek, the Winterfell scenes continue to be mindblowing. Alfie's acting is amazing, and the eerie music is perfect. 
- Ygritte's fabulous. Maybe I have a bit of a bias since I've always liked her, but I have absolutely nothing to complain about. Which is pretty much unheard of for me. 
- Cersei's scenes were so off
- Tywins were kind of out of character, but unlike Cersei's, I think they were for the better. 
- I don't even know what's going on in Dany's storyline anymore. I don't like the idea of the undying being """bad""" and stealing the dragons. I just know they're going to make her come out of this mess a hero /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />
268	Isabella Stark	2012-05-13	I like the "new" Quarth storyline.  It's more interesting and I like the way Dany is being used in some other place's "game of thrones."  (As I understand the scheme, Xaro stole the dragons for the warlocks in exchange for their assistance making him king.  I'm unclear as to whether this is intended to pressure Dany into marrying him or something.)  I really appreciate that they're creating a stronger motivation for Dany to go to the HOTU.  I didn't really buy that in the books.
I enjoyed the interactions between Jon and Ygritte and I think those actors have really good chemistry together. Should be great for next season.  However, I am concerned about losing the Jon fighting Qhorin part.  I really liked that.  The episode description for Ep 10 says something like "Jon proves himself to Qhorin."  Hopefully they're still getting to the same thing, just by a different route.
I hate hate hate hate Theon. And I think the show is handling his storyline wonderfully.
Really liked the Jamie scenes.
I enjoy the Arya-Tywin scenes, but am not sure I totally believe them.  I actually bought Tywin being more familiar with a servant, on the theory that she's so far below him, he can just relax and open up with her.  Don't entirely buy Tywin being familiar with a highly intelligent, Northern noble-born girl.  Surely he'd be more suspicious of her and want to know exactly who she is.  I don't know; maybe he thought he had time to catch her in more slip-ups and figure out who she was that way. (I think the making her eat bit was intended to see if she ate like a lady with utensils, as she did, or with her hands like a peasant.)
269	Cheese Pudding	2012-05-13	Cheese Pudding, regarding Tyrion's chain, I cannot possibly foresee them including it in the battle. There is absolutely no setup for it whatsoever, and that is really a shame. I wished to see some of Tyrion's tactical brilliance come to life.That's a shame, I was expecting it so much, and it would be a massive ending to the season.Oh, there's something I forgot to say in my previous post. Did Arya asked Jaqen to kill Tywin? The preview led me to believe in that, hope I'm wrong.
270	congokong	2012-05-13	This season sucks. The only scene this episode that somewhat stuck to the books was the Sandor-Sansa chat. Everything else that I can recall is a strong deviation if not an entirely new scene.
What has happened to the show this year? This episode was unrecognizable from the books. 3 Jon/Ygritte scenes talking about balls and sex, a very long Jaime/Lionel(?) squire conversation, and... Wait. The problem is that I keep thinking they should be trying to stick to the excellent book material instead of crapping on it. That ship has sailed.
271	Qwop22	2012-05-13	This show needs to be an hour and half or even two hours long per episode. Either that, or we need like 15+ episodes a season. I don't think they can continue in this fashion for the next books. There are just too many characters and too much stuff going on. Even this season feels rushed and skipping around all over the place. When you break each episode down into minutes per character its kind of disappointing. We only see characters for like a few minutes a week. WE NEED LONGER EPISODES HBO!
272	Laohu	2012-05-13	Pyat Pree's cloning trick is a little annoying, but they have certainly upped the ante on the Qarth scenes. The council massacre was definitely unexpected, but I thought it suited the story well. XXD and Pyat Pree need to be fried to a crisp.
Doreah's disappearance is still a mystery. Did XXD persuade her to betray Daenerys?
273	Trebla	2012-05-13	Lolol!Oh and what do they mean two episodes left? I thought we had three??it was an obvious mistake. Next week is "Prince of Winterfell" followed by "Blackwater" and "Valar Morghulis". My dad nearly had a coronary when he saw that. He's addicted to the show and is already pissed there is only 10 episodes a season. He hasn't read the books but is a spoiler junkie. I've had to re-assure him the past couple of weeks that yes, bad things will happen to Jaime and Theon. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
274	WeirwoodTreeHugger	2012-05-13	Am I a paranoid lunatic or did "Talisa" and Roose exchange look?
Loved the Qarth changes. Pyat Pree is even creepier.
Why are they making Cersei nicer? Once she gives people to Qyburn to experiment on, there's no loving her.
Non book readers are about to learn an important lesson about this story. If you don't actually see someone die...
275	Laohu	2012-05-13	With Alton's murder, Jamie is digging an even deeper hole for him to crawl out of in order for viewers to change their opinions about him. I guess readers were not really given the opportunity to warm up to him until ASoS anyway, but interesting deviation they took with Jamie's escape attempt.
276	nara	2012-05-13	I loved Arya fingering the knife and looking at Tywin's throat...
I think it's a pity that we lost the part where Tyrion sent people to rescue Jaime, but can live with the loss.
Okay with the change in why Catelyn frees Jaime.  I like the book version better, but I think this makes sense for the series.
I thought Ygritte was hilarious!  Distracting Jon with all the sex talk and then leading him into the trap.  Still think it's a pity to skip where Jon is ordered to do what the Half-Hand orders.
Bummed that they changed one of my favorite lines in the entire series.  Cersei:  "Love is a poison.  A sweet poison, yes, but it will kill you all the same."
Glad that they kept the part where Cersei tells Sansa about Jaime and the delivery room.  I always loved how she periodically forgets that she's supposed to pretend that Jaime is not the father of her kids and talks about him that way.
Like the Qarth changes--much more interesting for a tv series.  Though, again, I always prefer the book version
					
					
							Edited by nara, 13 May 2012 - 09:52 PM.
277	House Snow	2012-05-13	I don't mind the new mountain.  I got the sense that the guy they did hire was a big time overactor type.
278	craftadvisory	2012-05-13	two big problems with episode 7..
jamie killing a relative in cold blood! george's jamie lannister would never share a moment with a youth like that then brutally kill him..getting rid of bran could be considered holding the kingdom together but his actions on tonight episode are really out of touch with the character
and
cercei breaking down in tears over joff being a monster. tv version of cercei is much softer and no where near the psycho/paranoid bitch george wrote her as. shame the writers have to mess the fundamentals personas of our beloved lannisters... jamie and joff are overblown while tywin and cercei are softened
it will be more difficult to accept brienne and jamies forthcoming trusting relationship given tonights unnecessary brutality
					
					
							Edited by craftadvisory, 13 May 2012 - 09:54 PM.
279	Isabella Stark	2012-05-13	Also, I really liked how they got a lot of Westerosi history into this episode.  But I'm afraid non-readers probably found it boring /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
280	ServantOnIce	2012-05-13	Awesome episode, thought all the Winterfell, Catelyn/Jaime and Qarth scenes were all really well done.  Whoever the actress is that plays Ygritte is doing a fantastic job"You know nothing Jon Snow." /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
281	Trebla	2012-05-13	Regarding Qhorin and Jon:My theory is that the Lord of Bones captures Qhorin too and while they're captive and alone Qhorin knows they're *beep* so he tells Jon to pretend to go turncloak and suggest they face off. This could either turn out to be a really good change or a disastrous one.Yeah that is what I'm thinking too. IIRC there was already an earlier scene where Qhorin talked to Jon about duty. My guess that he gets caught too and urges Jon to do *whatever* they say so he can earn what Mance is up to.
282	congokong	2012-05-13	HA! I called Jon Snow getting "blue balls" last week and Ygritte confirms. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> It was a good scene between the two because while her teasing is fun, it re-established Jon's vows and shows the diiferences bewteen the Watch and the Free People.Very excited to hear the Mountain mention the BwB. I'm not quite sure what Tywin's endgame is with his treatment of Arya. But because the actors have such good chemistry and it gives new viewers some exposition, I can dig it.I do like the writers putting the Karstarks in now rather than last season. It's fresher this way.Good episode overall. I might have to just put in my sig "It's an adaptation, it's not going to be completely faithful to the book!"eta: Forgot to finish a point.Couldn't disagree with you more. Those Jon/Ygritte scenes were awful. It felt like Ygritte was a hooker trying to land a customer. The writers like to emphasize the celibacy of the watch. They did it earlier with Craster (which was never in the books).You're "it's an adaption" logic could justify the changes made in season 1. But this season's changes have gone way beyond necessity but rather to soothe the writers' egos. And pretty much all the changes have made the story weaker.
283	LuisDantas	2012-05-13	This is the first episode in either season when I ever noticed scenes of just a few seconds.  I am fairly certain that they rarely happened before, if ever.
HBO seems to have gone bold and decided to use more of a soap opera format, as evidenced both in the changes and in the more flexible scene length.  A good thing in and of itself, IMO.
Tywin seems to be enjoying his little game of guesswork with Arya.  He know she is hiding something but does not thing it will be dangerous to him.  Uncharacteristically reckless from him, but as he says himself, he is facing his age and mortality.  A change that is working so far.
As is Daenerys/Qarth.  When I saw the scene after the killing of the 13, I thought that it was for the best; the books are way too vague and symbolic when it comes to Qarth.
Jaime... is problematic.  The changes really caused damage here.  He is now shown to be utter scum, killing a relative who idolizes him just to have a shot at fleeing. That will not only make his half-redemption that much less convincing, it also makes Karstark's actions slightly more reasonable.  This is the first (and so far only) serious misstep from the TV series so far.
I'm willing to bet that Qhorin Halfhand spoke with Jon off-camera between the two episodes where he was seen.  Jon is giving Ygritte way too much leeway and being way too cool with it for me to think all is as it seems.
While I believe that there were similar lines in the books, I couldn't help but notice that Cersei does a very poor job at hinding her belief that Jaime is the father of her sons.  She all but told Sansa so,  and seems not to have even noticed it.  I must assume that Sansa heard the rumors, and by now she must have at least half a belief in them.
Jorah is being given a bit more evidence, which is good... even if I can't quite figure out his scene with Qhaite.
I wish Tyrion had more time on-screen in this episode.  Peter is such a good actor.
Not sure about who the orphans will end up being.  Might be the Frey cousins, or perhaps the Reeds. 
Theon is being fairly faithful to the books.  I find myself wondering if Cleftjaw _is_ Ramsay somehow.  Roose Bolton never named his bastard, could he be Ironborn?
284	Malgarroth	2012-05-13	I liked the changes to the Bran/Rickon "death" more dramatic and horrifying.Love Ygritte, she nailed the famous line. Hope she's as attractive under all the fur.I do not approve of the changes in Quarth Qarth.I seriously hope we get to see the visions in the HoTU next week.But. I've heard no word on casting for Rhaegar/Aerys/Elia, so I'm guessing next week is where I cry "fuck this shit" as they botch (arguably) the most pivotal scene in Daenerys' journey.
					
					
							Edited by Malgarroth, 13 May 2012 - 09:52 PM.
285	Malgarroth	2012-05-13	doublepost, argh
					
					
							Edited by Malgarroth, 13 May 2012 - 09:53 PM.
286	ServantOnIce	2012-05-13	I think they "jumped the shark" on Dany's story  . too much deviation .  . JMO everything else is solid. 9/10.
287	BlackburnTheBold	2012-05-13	You think there is any chance Dany is already in the House of the Undying and none of that stuff really happened? Maybe we'll see Jorah show up outside and then cut back to her having her visions inside...
288	jasonresno	2012-05-13	Couldn't disagree with you more. Those Jon/Ygritte scenes were awful. It felt like Ygritte was a hooker trying to land a customer. The writers like to emphasize the celibacy of the watch. They did it earlier with Craster (which was never in the books).You're "it's an adaption" logic could justify the changes made in season 1. But this season's changes have gone way beyond necessity but rather to soothe the writers' egos. And pretty much all the changes have made the story weaker.The reason Ygritte was so over the top in her attempted seduction was intentional in my opinion. She was distracting Jon while walking him into a trap.
289	Triskan	2012-05-13	I don't mind Cercei admitting that Joff is a monster (more or less).  She does it while also telling Sansa how important it is to love one's children no matter what, and that feels consistent with her character in the books.
I agree with Fez that PD/Tyrion was noticeably absent in this episode.  He's been so great this year.  Markedly better than S1 in my opinion. 
I really want to watch an episode with Trebla's dad. 
Yes, there was some kind of something or other between Roose and Jeyne when he left.  I can't quite say what it was...a recognition of some kind?  Not sure. 
The Theon scenes (kinda like in book 5) are owning. 
I love Measter Leuwin.
290	Isabella Stark	2012-05-13	Am I a paranoid lunatic or did "Talisa" and Roose exchange look?My impression was that Roose is noticing that things are starting to fall apart for the Starks (ie., the discontent among the men about Robb's interest in "Talisa," the Karstarks, etc.)
291	The Mother of Dragons	2012-05-13	Thank the Seven! Daenerys has an interesting time in Qarth instead of simply receiving gifts and going around with bells in her hair. I'm definitely okay with Jon and Ygritte's relationship being established earlier rather than later so it shows there's already some sexual tension. I'm excited for the Jon/Ygritte scenes, which have to be the only sex scenes from the book that I looked forward to seeing. "Lady Talisa" is Jeyne and she'll reveal herself and she'll be like "Oh yeah I lied. Great liar, aren't I? Let's get married!" Also, I hope Cat will get the news about "Bran and Rickon" before too long.
292	StannisWins	2012-05-13	I think they "jumped the shark" on Dany's story  . too much deviation .  . JMO everything else is solid. 9/10.I find this insane. So little happens in Qarth in the book and they need to give one of the shows big stars something to do. This is adaptation 101 stuff here.What should she be doing for 10 episodes then?I loved the changes.
293	Christina Ceriddwynn	2012-05-13	im still wrapping my head around jaime killing this relative.....it is just so out of character for him /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
294	Trebla	2012-05-13	Couldn't disagree with you more. Those Jon/Ygritte scenes were awful. It felt like Ygritte was a hooker trying to land a customer. The writers like to emphasize the celibacy of the watch. They did it earlier with Craster (which was never in the books).You're "it's an adaption" logic could justify the changes made in season 1. But this season's changes have gone way beyond necessity but rather to soothe the writers' egos. And pretty much all the changes have made the story weaker.well you can think that if you'd like. I've read the books, several times. I know what's going on. If the show depended on just pleasing the book readers it would've been cancelled last season. This show is for book readers AND new viewers like my dad, my aunt, my two cousins, couple of guys I went to high school with. I believe the writing is to keep them involved as well as us. So changes have to be made like Jaime squiring for Ser Barristan rather than the Sword of the Morning. We as viewers can say, "Oh yeah, I remember that old knight!"
295	J_Crews	2012-05-13	Yeah I saw that. I thought there was going to be another tag with "until the final episode" but nope, they just left it like that. Maybe the promo folks are so excited about the Blackwater they forgot there's another episode after that?Anyway as for this episode, its a mixed bag. I liked almost all the individual parts but I thought the episode as a whole was just a little underwhelming; possibly due to a noticeable lack of Tyrion until near the end. I like the Jon/Ygritte interaction but I'm just not sure how they are going to have that story go in a place that makes sense. On the other hand I'm totally on board with the Qarth changes. Pyat Pree is nuts and since none of it really matters in the end I really like having a storyline that I have no idea where its going.  Tywin/Arya was fun, although I'm ready for her storyline to start to move forward again.  Theon's still such a shit; also I think they made it very clear that those bodies aren't really Bran and Rickon.  I'm so glad Jaime is back in the story again too; and he knocked his scenes outta the park. I agree though that it would've made more sense for his scene with Cat to wait until she heard about Bran and Rickon.Would've been better, but it worked for me this way as well.  Bran and Rickon, notwithstanding, she fears (and rightly so) for what will happen to her girls if the Karstarks kill Jaime.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 13 May 2012 - 10:03 PM.
296	House Snow	2012-05-13	Are we assuming Catelyn is freeing Jaimie?   Isn't it more likely she is just going to cut off his hand first.
297	Triskan	2012-05-13	Are we assuming Catelyn is freeing Jaimie?   Isn't it more likely she is just going to cut off his hand first.Oooh.  Very creative idea, but I doubt it. That being said...will we get The Goat? As much as I hate Joff and Ramsey, I'm not sure that The Goat isn't my most hated entity in the ASOIAF world.
298	Independent George	2012-05-13	I really like the changes to the Qarth storyline; this makes waaaay more sense than what happened in the books. I never understood why nobody ever moved against her in the books; as weak as her khalasar was, somebody should have moved against her while they could, and either captured or killed her dragons.I'm waiting to judge the Jon's storyline. While I love this Ygritte more than the books, but the way it's playing out is just dumb. Why would Qhorin be so stupid as to leave Jon snow behind like that? The only thing I could come up with was that he expected Jon to screw up because he's a Stark, and planned for him to be captured so they could ambush Rattleshirt and interrogate him for intel.The music in the last scene was completely inappropriate to the close. They overdid it, and it seemed pretty obvious that it's not Bran & Rickon just based on the rules of TV Drama. I suppose that's inevitible, though.One thing I didn't like was Shae pulling a knife on the handmaiden; that's just dumb.I also don't like Jaime killing Cleos Alton. That seems way out of character, even for him.
299	The Mother of Dragons	2012-05-13	Are we assuming Catelyn is freeing Jaimie?   Isn't it more likely she is just going to cut off his hand first.Cat is about to hold Brienne's sword to his chest and make him do quite a bit of vowing. I won't say anymore...
300	HokieStone	2012-05-13	Not sure about who the orphans will end up being.  Might be the Frey cousins, or perhaps the Reeds.The orphans were from a few episodes ago, when Bran sent them to help that guy build his walls (or whatever it was he wanted help with).  Now they're bodies are the fake Rickon and Bran. I do find it curious that they didn't hide in the crypts.  And how are they (or even WILL they) separate Bran and Rickon.  Bran obviously needs Hodor to carry him, and Osha appears to be taking the place of the Reeds. When Bran and Rickon approached the farm, there was that shot of Summer and Shaggydog...and then later Theon and his band with their dogs.  Theon fought with Robb and presumably saw the carnage that Grey Wind could do...I wonder if he had any thoughts about going after 2 direwolves with a handful of men and dogs...
301	Gemini	2012-05-13	Jaime... is problematic.  The changes really caused damage here.  He is now shown to be utter scum, killing a relative who idolizes him just to have a shot at fleeing. That will not only make his half-redemption that much less convincing, it also makes Karstark's actions slightly more reasonable.  This is the first (and so far only) serious misstep from the TV series so far.I'm glad someone agrees.  I've taken most of the changes in stride.  You know, as long as it leads to the same end.  It's kept things fresh for those of us familiar with the story and while I don't always agree with the changes, they still work.  But this one has me flustered.  Jaime's my favorite character after all!  I cannot imagine him actually doing this.  Yeah, he's done some horrible stuff.  I'll never deny that.  But this specifically felt entirely out of character for him.  He just... isn't all scheming like that.  After reading book three and four, I kind of started viewing book two, in regards to Jaime, as kind of a cooling off period.  You hate him so much in the first book, but then you barely see him in the second, and in the one scene he's in, he doesn't really do anything besides mock Cat (which is kind of funny) and relate a story that makes his killing of Aerys more understandable.  I'm not saying that this is what makes him likable, but all the time away from him helps to cool the anger one feels towards him.  Now it's just been rekindled all over again!  I was already worried that his redemption might not get across so well on television as it did in the books.  Now I'm more concerned than ever.  I immediately told my brother who was watching the show with me that Jaime did NOT do that in the books.  My parents who have also read them were also annoyed.
302	Trebla	2012-05-13	I really want to watch an episode with Trebla's dad.LOL! My mom told me that on Easter he said everybody had to be out of the house by 7:30 because he had to watch "Game of Kings". He's starting to know the names now though rather than just The Little Guy, The Tough Little Girl, The Gay King, The King with the Red Woman, Khalessi, and The Dirty Twins. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
303	StannisWins	2012-05-13	Being desperate to get back to Cersei is not at all out of character for Jamie. I mean he tossed a kid from a window for her, so killing some nobody (to him) is no different at all.
					
					
							Edited by Rev1619, 13 May 2012 - 10:13 PM.
304	Aegnor	2012-05-13	There are just two major issues I have with the episode.
1) Catelyn should NOT release Jamie before she finds out about Bran and Rickon. The action of betraying Robb (which is what it is) only makes sense under the prism of her finding out about Bran and Rickon's death.
2) Jon getting captured by the wildlings at this point in the story. I'm hitting the panic button on this yet. The episode summary for a later episode indicates this storyline will get back on track somehow.
On #1, I'm hoping that maybe she doesn't release him yet, but hides him, tied up in her tent or something? I don't know. I'm just grasping at straws.
305	nara	2012-05-13	While I believe that there were similar lines in the books, I couldn't help but notice that Cersei does a very poor job at hinding her belief that Jaime is the father of her sons.  She all but told Sansa so,  and seems not to have even noticed it.  I must assume that Sansa heard the rumors, and by now she must have at least half a belief in them.Cersei slips up like this a couple of times in the books--this occasion with Sansa and later, when telling Tommen that he'll be as good in tournaments as his father.  In the latter case, Margaery coyly calls her out on it.  I think it's evidence that, although Jaime never really considered the kids to be his, Cersei clearly did.
306	towerofjoy	2012-05-13	Wait til they chop off his sword hand. Pity is a great catalyst for a change of heart on a character. Cersei's walk and Theon's castration/flaying are other examples of this phenomenon.
There are villains and VILLAINS in ASOIAF. Joff and Ramsey - just nothing horrible enough there to change opinion.
307	Isabella Stark	2012-05-13	Cersei's speech about "don't love anyone except your children; you can't help loving them," was strangely appropriate for the Mother's Day episode;)
308	congokong	2012-05-13	The reason Ygritte was so over the top in her attempted seduction was intentional in my opinion. She was distracting Jon while walking him into a trap.That would make sense for one scene, but they had 3 scenes where their conversations were essentially the same. She couldn't have been trying to lead him into a trap for 3 scenes.Her character comes off as different from the book version to me. But that's probably because none of this dialogue ever happened in the books.
309	legba11	2012-05-13	First Impressions:
The episode went REALLY fast.  Like last week, I didn't enjoy Ygritte in the books, and I don't like her on the show (she is smoking hot though).  Quorin will still order Jon to kill, don't get all your panties in wads.
Theon is great, well done.  I didn't understand the walnut Dagmer found.
Robb and Not Jeyne.  Don't care, she's meaningless in the books, and doubt she will mean anything here. (Both of Ned's boys romances bore me)
Arya and Tywin continue to be excellent.  I am surprised he didn't leave this week. Harenhal was amazing.
Tyrion and Cersei was a good scene.
Dany and the 13 was a nice addition, I am finding that story much more interesting than the books.  Story > Some silly mysticism.
Jaime's escape was underwhelming.  I was expecting them to really turn him loose this episode.  Instead it happened off camera, like the books.  Big disappointment   Also, I don't understand having him kill Alton, his face turn is going to be tougher to buy with this.  All of his awful things have always been for a damn good reason.  This was not so much... They can try to frame it like he had to get free to save his son and Cersei.  It does not fit with that scene.  He killed Alton because he didn't like being tied to a pole.
I said this last week, there will be no chain.  This is a relief as it seemed stupid in the books and would look just plain awful on film.
310	SerMixalot	2012-05-13	It is COMPLETELY WRONG for cersei to hate joffrey and express that to Tyrion. 
It makes ZERO sense. 
Who is going to believe her reaction when she thinks Tyrion killed her son
HBO is screwin up too MUCH, they are ruining a great story
Who in the NW will believe Jon when he comes back
Why will any of the WIldings believe jon and trust him to go over the wall
Jamie killing his family member= COMPLETELY WRONG, he is now irredeemable
Dany's story makes me want to vomit
311	Bastard of Boston	2012-05-13	Something important to note, guys. Yes, killing your cousin is horrible. But, so is pushing children out windows. I think, because Bran lived, people are somehow forgetting what Jamie is capable of doing in the name of self-preservation. Is killing your cousin that much more lowdown than pushing a child to his death?
312	Trebla	2012-05-13	I do wonder about Cat releasing Jaime before she learns about Bran and Rickon. I guess they are going on that she needs to get Jaime out of there because if he is beheaded Cersei will kill the girls.
I've always be rather anti-Jaime. I do think he's done some good things but his sins greatly outweigh his deeds. On killing Alton, I dunno that it's TOO out of character. In the books, before he loses his hand, he cared for no one but Cersei, Tyrion, and his father. He didn't give a fig when Cleos is killed, nor when Ser Stafford dies at Oxcross. Even after he loses his hand, he thinks to him Joffrey was nothing more than a "squirt of seed".
...blue balls and "squirt of seed", what you all must think of me. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
313	dtones520	2012-05-13	Why do people act like they know what Tywin was like behind closed doors. There is no Tywin POV. So, to sit here and say " this is totally not how he would act" is completely off base. All we know of Tywin is from other characters POV. The way he is treating Arya is how I imagined he would treat Cersei for years after I read her POV chapters.
And on the topic of Cersei, I'm pretty sure she isn't batshit crazy in the books till after Joffs death. Still a cold bitch, but not nuts. And her weeping for Joff being nuts isn't really too out of character.
314	Triskan	2012-05-13	LOL! My mom told me that on Easter he said everybody had to be out of the house by 7:30 because he had to watch "Game of Kings". He's starting to know the names now though rather than just The Little Guy, The Tough Little Girl, The Gay King, The King with the Red Woman, Khalessi, and The Dirty Twins. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />What does he call Theon?I curse the savages that mess w/ his weekly viewing.**Shit.  Did I just curse the rest of Trebla's family?  That was certainly not the goal.
315	J_Crews	2012-05-13	Are we assuming Catelyn is freeing Jaimie?   Isn't it more likely she is just going to cut off his hand first. No.  That'll happen when he and Brienne are recaptured in episode 10.  I'm betting that, being perfectly-suited as a cliffhanger, it's the last thing that happens in his Season 2 character arc.  Not sure who'll do the cutting, though, since Vargo Hoat is AWOL.  Maybe just some random Bolton man during the fight to re-capture them.
316	House Snow	2012-05-13	I don't know.  The way she pullled that sword out.  Didn't seem like she was freeing him.  Cutting off his hand now would be an easy way to appease the karstarks in the shortterm.  Also would make his freeing more platable.
					
					
							Edited by House Snow, 13 May 2012 - 10:34 PM.
317	SerMixalot	2012-05-13	hmmm lets see Lord Tywin, some infiltrator got into your inner sanctum and killed a trusted Lt with a poison dart
your cupbearer was taken out of a group of prisoners, is a lying overeducated northern noble child who by your own accounts is courageous
I know lets hang 20 of our own menand not not at the elephant giving us mutton
HBO is ruining IASOIAF
318	Currawong	2012-05-13	I don't know.  The way she pullled that sword out.  Didn't seem like she was freeing him.  Cutting off his hand now would be an easy way to appease the karstarks in the shortterm.  Also would make his freeing more platable.Except Cat would know that if she sent Jaime back minus a hand, she would receive her daughters back in similar condition!  I do hope they don't make her THAT stupid.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 13 May 2012 - 10:40 PM.
319	Trebla	2012-05-13	Something important to note, guys. Yes, killing your cousin is horrible. But, so is pushing children out windows. I think, because Bran lived, people are somehow forgetting what Jamie is capable of doing in the name of self-preservation. Is killing your cousin that much more lowdown than pushing a child to his death?Yes, thank you. Interested to read that an above poster thinks Jaime killing a distant cousin NOW makes him irredeemable. Killing the king he swore vows to protect didn't stain him. Having sex with his twin sister didn't do that. Helping her abort Robert's baby, the true born heir didn't do that. Throwing Bran out of a window didn't nor murdering Jory Cassell. Regicide, incest, murder, attempted murder are okay. Kinslaying, now. Oh Tyrion, you are now an eternal villain. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Trisk: He calls him Theon now. He used to call him "Who the Hell is that?"
					
					
							Edited by Trebla, 13 May 2012 - 10:45 PM.
320	Kasoroth	2012-05-13	I enjoy the Arya-Tywin scenes, but am not sure I totally believe them.  I actually bought Tywin being more familiar with a servant, on the theory that she's so far below him, he can just relax and open up with her.  Don't entirely buy Tywin being familiar with a highly intelligent, Northern noble-born girl.  Surely he'd be more suspicious of her and want to know exactly who she is.  I don't know; maybe he thought he had time to catch her in more slip-ups and figure out who she was that way. (I think the making her eat bit was intended to see if she ate like a lady with utensils, as she did, or with her hands like a peasant.)Tywin may also have been concerned about the possibility of poison in his food, knowing there was an assassin in the castle.  Demanding that Arya eat the food could be a way to both check if it's poisoned, and if so, whether she was involved and/or aware of it.  There have been many hints in the past few episodes that he's aware that she's not being truthful about her identity, and is probably a noble.  I don't think he's aware that she's Arya Stark though, because I suspect Cersei has kept Arya's escape secret from him.
321	StannisWins	2012-05-13	HBO is ruining IASOIAFI've said it before, but ASOIAF fans are some of the worst fans I've ever encountered. Just utterly spoiled brats.
322	WeirwoodTreeHugger	2012-05-13	I just realised this episode contained no boobs and no Littlefinger!
  The Sansa/Cersei scene really makes me excited for their interaction in Maegar's holdfast.  I think these will be more interesting than the actual battle.
323	J_Crews	2012-05-13	There are just two major issues I have with the episode.1) Catelyn should NOT release Jamie before she finds out about Bran and Rickon. The action of betraying Robb (which is what it is) only makes sense under the prism of her finding out about Bran and Rickon's death.I've always had a bit of an issue with this line of thinking.  True, learning the boys were "dead" served as a catalyst in the books, but can anyone really doubt that--if faced with the same situation--book Cat would have done the same thing?  If Jaime dies, her girls die.  Robb's lords might not value the girl's lives enough to free the Kingslayer, but you had better believe their mother does.In the book, Karstark was away with Robb when she freed Jaime, not left behind to get drunk and stew about how pretty Jaime's head would look on a spike.  She has to get him away from there and now.  Makes perfect sense, if you think of it that way.
324	DragonAge93	2012-05-13	Why are we worrying about Jon's arc? In the summary for episode 10 it says he has to prove himself to Quorin. In the ep. 8 preview, you can see Jon rolling down a hill, which makes me think he'll get away from the Wildlings and meet back up with Quorin. Rattleshirt will chase him down, and before he catches up to Jon and Quorin in episode 10, Quorin will tell him what has to be done, and it'll probably play out as it did in the books.
EDIT: After watching the ep. 8 preview again, it seems like Quorin is captured as well, as the Wildlings push Jon down in front of a captured Quorin. Should be interesting to see where it goes.
					
					
							Edited by DragonAge93, 13 May 2012 - 10:48 PM.
325	TheTrueMithrandir	2012-05-13	best episode yet!
-the only thing that threw me off at first was when they showed Bran and Rickon on the move, I'm hoping they hook back around and they end it with Bran's famous line "Winterfell is not dead, just broken. Like me..."
-Tywin/Arya exchange was great!
-Dany/Jorah exchange was great!
-Jon/Ygritte, even though they are getting a jump-start on their relationship out of sequence, was great!
...see this is the kind of dialog that should have been present all along, strong conversations and character development
-"You know nothing Jon Snow" yay! she said it!!!
-good to see them working in the Rickard Karstark angle, as we all know what that leads to...
-even though they've changed quite a bit about around Dany and Quarth, that ending was pretty good and it sure took me by surprise, it also goes to show how completely alien and morally corrupt the customs and grabs-for-power are in the East, that look of surprise and terror on Dany's face was priceless!
-2 dead little boys! awesome! still would have been better had they worked in the Reek angle but that is neither here nor there, the final scene was still pretty effective and that final look on Theon's face, as if to say "maybe this wasn't such a good idea"...haha
-and the best part of the episode....fucking Jamie! I think this show has been in dire need of Jamie's wit and humor, the character and his lines are written so well to begin with and the actor pulled it off with ease
-also did they mention Genna Lannister?? a bit different in the book but that was one of her sons there with Jamie right? good to see them going a bit deeper into the family lines, her part in AFFC is also entertaining as well
326	MegasAV	2012-05-13	Very mixed bag episode for myself as well, I loved the scenes with Jamie and Cat, and I also enjoyed the casting for Lord Kastark as he showed how headstrong and dead set he was for vengeance.  But although I love the interactions between the actors Tywin Arya scenes are completely ridiculous this week in the context of the mysterious deaths that occured over the previous episodes.  He should be far more paranoid and distrusting of all around him rather than be coy with Arya his cupbearer knowing she's of noble birth.  This new mountain character has no presence whatsoever, much more enjoyed the passion brought to this character by previous Mountain. 
	 Cersei basically admiitting that Joffrey is a monster is also absurd, she was beside herself after his death in a SOS, completely incosolable and refusing to even consider Tywins innocence.  I'm not sure how Joff's death will now play next season but I guess we'll see.  Also Jamie killing Alton after sharing life experiences really I think makes it harder to see Jamie as a redeemed character.
327	Yoren the Boysnatcher	2012-05-13	Gods help you HBO.  Now you are truly lost.
328	SerMixalot	2012-05-13	why am I spoiled brat, I could post 10 things from this episode that make no sense, will make no sense or are just plain cliched and/or boring
a. why would tywin trust Arya
b. Why will the wildings accept Jon
c. Why will the NW allow Jon back in
d. how can 3 cat sized dragons do anything 
e. why doesnt dany just buy a ship cause she only has like 20 people in her khal, why does she need a fleet of ships
f. why is someone going to Valeria
g. did jon just turn his cloak without orders?  He is a deserter, and should have his heads cut off
h. WHy does cersei hate her own son? and why will she care when tyrion kills him supposedly
i. Why did LF go to a Usurpers camp with the bones of ned stark?  did he somehow know cat was going to be there? if so how could he have know that
j. how did Theon lose Bran and hodor osha's trail?
329	SerMixalot	2012-05-13	BTW the scenes with Cat made that episode, she should get anemmy
330	shaggydork	2012-05-13	It is COMPLETELY WRONG for cersei to hate joffrey and express that to Tyrion....I think Cersei is gaming Tyrion. She is being insincere, which shouldn't be a surprise. It seems to have worked given Tyrion's reaction at the end of the scene. Cersei is very clever; it's interesting how this scene is juxtaposed with Tywin's comparison of Arya to her.
331	TheeMikeHoncho	2012-05-13	Gods help you HBO.  Now you are truly lost.Your name creeps me out.
332	Warden of the North121	2012-05-13	why am I spoiled brat, I could post 10 things from this episode that make no sense, will make no sense or are just plain cliched and/or boringa. why would tywin trust Aryab. Why will the wildings accept Jonc. Why will the NW allow Jon back ind. how can 3 cat sized dragons do anythinge. why doesnt dany just buy a ship cause she only has like 20 people in her khal, why does she need a fleet of shipsf. why is someone going to Valeriag. did jon just turn his cloak without orders?  He is a deserter, and should have his heads cut offh. WHy does cersei hate her own son? and why will she care when tyrion kills him supposedlyi. Why did LF go to a Usurpers camp with the bones of ned stark?  did he somehow know cat was going to be there? if so how could he have know thatj. how did Theon lose Bran and hodor osha's trail?a. he made her eat the food to make sure it wasn't poisonedb. he's probably either going to escape and receive his "orders" from Qhorin or Qhorin is alos captured and he receives his orders then. Either way I'm not worried because in Ep 10's teaser list it says Jon proves himself to Qhorinc. how is this even a problem yet?d. they are the size of dogs at the end of this book so not that big of a deale. I think Jorah says he'll look for "a" ship in ep 5f. I think Quaithe said he's sailing past Valyriag. no I doubt he has truned cloak yeth. I don't think she hates him she's just scared of what he becomei. Varys and LF have informers everywherej. I think in the book they send the wolves out through a stream or river and then double back to Winterfell into the crypts.
					
					
							Edited by Warden of the North121, 13 May 2012 - 10:59 PM.
333	SerMixalot	2012-05-13	to what end, it is already a given she hates tyrion, what has she got to gain by gaming tyrion.  he will never trust her, just last week she was saying how she wished he could love someone so he could lose that person
334	legba11	2012-05-13	Jaime other awful acts all had reasons.  He tried to kill Bran to save Cersei and her children.  He says as much.  Our heroic soldiers do the same thing every day.  They kill to protect their families.  In a MUCH less direct way.  Bran sees something that will kill Jaime and everyone he loves.  No question, no trial, do not pass go.
Jaime killed Aerys because he was about to kill everyone in King's Landing.
This is what makes his face turn acceptable.  Killing his cousin was for Jaime and Jaime alone.  He said as much in their conversation.
It is a huge difference, and one I don't care for.
On another note, as usual, the exploding heads of the purists is almost as entertaining as the show.
335	shaggydork	2012-05-13	Why do people act like they know what Tywin was like behind closed doors. There is no Tywin POV. So, to sit here and say " this is totally not how he would act" is completely off base. All we know of Tywin is from other characters POV. The way he is treating Arya is how I imagined he would treat Cersei for years after I read her POV chapters.And on the topic of Cersei, I'm pretty sure she isn't batshit crazy in the books till after Joffs death. Still a cold bitch, but not nuts. And her weeping for Joff being nuts isn't really too out of character.Completely agree with this take on Tywin. The best view we have of this character in the books is from his children, and all of them have "issues" that would tend to cloud the picture.
336	Tewks44	2012-05-13	why am I spoiled brat, I could post 10 things from this episode that make no sense, will make no sense or are just plain cliched and/or boringa. why would tywin trust Aryab. Why will the wildings accept Jonc. Why will the NW allow Jon back ind. how can 3 cat sized dragons do anythinge. why doesnt dany just buy a ship cause she only has like 20 people in her khal, why does she need a fleet of shipsf. why is someone going to Valeriag. did jon just turn his cloak without orders?  He is a deserter, and should have his heads cut offh. WHy does cersei hate her own son? and why will she care when tyrion kills him supposedlyi. Why did LF go to a Usurpers camp with the bones of ned stark?  did he somehow know cat was going to be there? if so how could he have know thatj. how did Theon lose Bran and hodor osha's trail?You bring up some interesting points, but a lot of the stuff you are complaining about occur in the books too.  The NW allowed Jon back in the books even after he killed the Halfhand.  Theon lost Bran and Osha's trail in the books as well.  Did you write GRRM telling him what an outrage it was then?  Also, keep in mind we don't know what will happen with Jon Snow yet.  Let the story line develop before tearing it apart and maybe you won't "look so f***ing grim all the time"EDIT: don't know the rules on language in the forum so I censored myself
					
					
							Edited by Tewks44, 13 May 2012 - 11:03 PM.
337	J_Crews	2012-05-13	as usual, the exploding heads of the purists is almost as entertaining as the show.It truly is.  The purists I can, at least, sympathize with, however.  It's the borderline inarticulate, short-sighted complainers I sometimes don't know whether to laugh at or choke lifeless, though.
338	SerMixalot	2012-05-13	a. he made her eat the food to make sure it wasn't poisonedb. he's probably either going to escape and receive his "orders" from Qhorin or Qhorin is alos captured and he receives his orders then. Either way I'm not worried because in Ep 10's teaser list it says Jon proves himself to Qhorinc. how is this even a problem yet?d. they are the size of dogs at the end of this book so not that big of a deale. I think Jorah says he'll look for "a" ship in ep 5f. I think Quaithe said he's sailing past Valyriag. no I doubt he has truned cloak yeth. I don't think she hates him she's just scared of what he becomei. Varys and LF have informers everywherej. I think in the book they send the wolves out through a stream or river and then double back to Winterfell into the crypts.a.he killed 20 of his own men, a little torture would have solved the problem rather simplyb. QH SHOULD doubt Jons loyalty after disappearing for a few days with a hot wilding that he probably should have killedc. if his turncloaking is suspect so would his coming backd. one dragon was supposed to have burned down the HotU, a couple of weeks ago all they could do was charbroil a Kabobe. last week she wanted lots of ships, any capitan would gladly take a moneymaker like dragons for a ridef. I thought she said TO, I will checkg. his brother dont know that and QH will have plenty of reason to suspect it, Y certainly would try to use that against JS with QH, she just laid the story out she would tell you think QH would believe JS in that situationh. which goes completely against Cersei who two scenes earlier was telling Sansa about loving your childreni. so renly is going to let the Master of coins for the lannister king meet with the mother of another usurper king, illogicalj. ok in retrospect I can see how this works, theon stopped following cause he had the alternatives to use, but still doesnt make sense how they lost the trail when the kids were in the village
339	SerMixalot	2012-05-13	You bring up some interesting points, but a lot of the stuff you are complaining about occur in the books too.  The NW allowed Jon back in the books even after he killed the Halfhand.  Theon lost Bran and Osha's trail in the books as well.  Did you write GRRM telling him what an outrage it was then?  Also, keep in mind we don't know what will happen with Jon Snow yet.  Let the story line develop before tearing it apart and maybe you won't "look so f***ing grim all the time"EDIT: don't know the rules on language in the forum so I censored myselfgrimi?  I dont think that word means what you think it means /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
340	Trebla	2012-05-13	Jaime other awful acts all had reasons.  He tried to kill Bran to save Cersei and her children.  He says as much.  Our heroic soldiers do the same thing every day.  They kill to protect their families.  In a MUCH less direct way.  Bran sees something that will kill Jaime and everyone he loves.  No question, no trial, do not pass go.Jaime killed Aerys because he was about to kill everyone in King's Landing.This is what makes his face turn acceptable.  Killing his cousin was for Jaime and Jaime alone.  He said as much in their conversation.It is a huge difference, and one I don't care for..Book Jaime didn't care about Cersei's kids, just her. What about his "chastisement" of Ned by killing Jory and the other Northmen? Who did that serve?
341	redraike	2012-05-13	hmmm lets see Lord Tywin, some infiltrator got into your inner sanctum and killed a trusted Lt with a poison dartyour cupbearer was taken out of a group of prisoners, is a lying overeducated northern noble child who by your own accounts is courageousI know lets hang 20 of our own menand not not at the elephant giving us muttonSoup.  It's soup she's giving them.
342	House Snow	2012-05-13	I think Cersei is gaming Tyrion. She is being insincere, which shouldn't be a surprise. It seems to have worked given Tyrion's reaction at the end of the scene. Cersei is very clever; it's interesting how this scene is juxtaposed with Tywin's comparison of Arya to her.Ooh, I like this line of thinking.   And lol at that are they going to hug of something moments. Some nonreaders think Tyrion was trying to get in her bed LOL!
343	House Snow	2012-05-13	Jaimie didn't have a reason to kill Alton-what??  The reason was to escape.
344	J_Crews	2012-05-13	last week she wanted lots of ships, any capitan would gladly take a moneymaker like dragons for a rideYou do get that reckless fire-breathing animals are a bad idea on a wooden ship with canvas sails, right?  *MANY* captains turned her down in the book.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 13 May 2012 - 11:15 PM.
345	blasted_saber	2012-05-13	Loved it. Things picking up for the climax!
Book purists need to understand this isnt the books. It the show. Oddly all the same posters who teeth gnash and whine every week in these threads keep watching. You'd think if it bothered them so much they stop.
346	Laohu	2012-05-13	For those of you who are complaining that Tywin is ordering his own men to be killed, has it occurred to you that the corpses we saw might just be prisoners like Jaqen who simply wear Lannister armor and serve the war effort instead of wasting away in a prison cell? We know Tywin wanted to put these prisoners to good use, but I honestly do not think Tywin hesitates in killing these prisoners-turned-soldiers in hopes of finding the assassin. They were never Lannister men to begin with.
347	awesome possum	2012-05-13	I don't care about most of the changes, as I know the show is a different character from the books.  I think Dany, Arya and Tywin, and Jaime changes work and are pretty entertaining but WTF are they doing with Jon?  Rose Leslie is great as Ygritte but the scenes are just jarring.  The first of the changes that have really taken me aback for how wrong they feel, especially the ending.
					
					
							Edited by awesome possum, 13 May 2012 - 11:28 PM.
348	Pliny	2012-05-13	Hey, sorry to bother- has anybody seen Ghost lately? A very large wolf, white, fluffy, quiet?
349	Tewks44	2012-05-13	grimi?  I dont think that word means what you think it means /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />from dictionary.comGrim: stern and admitting of no appeasement or compromiseI feel like that's fairly accurate to your overall attitude about the show, but in all fairness I was trying to force in a quote, so perhaps the word isn't a perfect match.  Either way, you do have some good observations, I'll give you that, but the good observations are offset by your many bad observations such as."Why will the NW allow Jon back in" - this is something that happens in season 3 of the book, and the whole Jon getting let back in is a pretty major point of conflict.  I don't really understand why you're complaining about this because in the books he kills the Halfhand and they still let him back in."how can 3 cat sized dragons do anything" - the motivation in taking the dragons was to get Dany to come to the house of the undying.  I sincerely doubt they intended to use the dragons to wage war on their enemies."why doesnt dany just buy a ship cause she only has like 20 people in her khal, why does she need a fleet of ships" - you are assuming Dany has money to buy a ship.  Ships are very expensive, and although Dany's host is generous to her, she has essentially zero personal wealth.  Plus, how is she going to invade Westeros with 20 people and "3 cat sized dragons""WHy does cersei hate her own son? and why will she care when tyrion kills him supposedly" - there is a difference between grief and hate.  I think Cersei is sad because of what her son has become, but that doesn't mean she does not love him."how did Theon lose Bran and hodor osha's trail?" - it's explained in the books.  Sure it would have been nice if the show had a narrator that could explain these details for the viewers, but this is a hit show on HBO, not an animated companion series to the books.edited for formatting
					
					
							Edited by Tewks44, 13 May 2012 - 11:32 PM.
350	Currawong	2012-05-13	Book purists need to understand this isnt the books. It the show. Oddly all the same posters who teeth gnash and whine every week in these threads keep watching. You'd think if it bothered them so much they stop.Ah yes, but masochists do SO enjoy suffering an hour of something they don't like, so that they can spend days and weeks being miserable, hurt and angry!   And then they go through it all again a week later ...   Obviously much nicer than simply finding the channel button or the Off switch.
351	victim	2012-05-13	I have one problem - only one - with this episode. The "deaths" of Bran and Rickon were not a driving factor in Catelyn's release of Jaime. I understand that the TV show wanted to have a great cliffhanger, but what she does makes so much more sense in the books as she believes that she's trying to save her two surviving daughters and her last children (besides Robb).
352	lostinwesteros	2012-05-13	Thought last week was one of the best yet, but watched tonightâ<U+0080><U+0099>s with a deep, sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach.     Â·		 Yeah, Jaimeâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a king slayer, but that business of murdering his cousin???  Please!  Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a bit much, even for profane, unholy Jaime.Â·		 Last week I loved Ygritteâ<U+0080><U+0099>s being a pistol and a spitfire, tonight she just got on my nerves.  Jon may be naAve, but heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not stupid.  Where is Quorin HH?  And Ghost?Â·		 I hate, hate, hate all the Quarth plot twists â<U+0080><U+0093> The whole Quarth plot was bad enough to start with, but this one is even worse.  At least before we still had the dragons, and Irri, and Doreah.  Now we only have Dany, but I will say I at least like that sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s being more realistic now about her situation and not going around crowing about all of her â<U+0080>names/self-bestowed titlesâ<U+0080><U+0099>.  But, who IS the henna artist wearing the mask who knows so much about Jorah??? Â·		 More intrigue between Tywin and Arya, though, which I really liked.  But I wonder if sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s given herself away now, too much enthusiasm and knowledge about the dragons, and Tywin must surely know that Arya hasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t ever been found, right?  Or, did he leave KL even before that?  But just a stupendous photo shot out the window at all the ruins of Harrenhal, though â<U+0080><U+0093> very impressive.Â·		 Have I mentioned yet this week how much I love Brienne?  The best was when someone popped his head in the tent and addressed her as â<U+0080><U+009C>womanâ<U+0080><U+009D>, which she followed by throwing it right back (â<U+0080><U+009C>manâ<U+0080><U+009D>, same tone).  Then, her face was in the background of Caitlynâ<U+0080><U+0099>s head when Cat is talking to Jaime, and she still has â<U+0080>screen presenceâ<U+0080><U+0099>, cutting her eyes back to look at Cat when Jaime delivers those low blows about Nedâ<U+0080><U+0099>s [alleged] affair.  Sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s just so [painfully] earnest!Â·		 Good scene with Sandor and Sansa.Â·		 Loved hearing Cercei bitch about Joffrey and have a more honest talk with Sansa.  Both completely unrealistic, of course, and impossible to reconcile with the quite cruel Cercei of the first season where Sansa and her â<U+0080>traitorâ<U+0080><U+0099> father were concerned.   I just donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think this one held together very well â<U+0080><U+0093> at all.  I read a post above where somebody alluded to HBO making it into a soap opera, and I gotta say, my thoughts exactly.  I hope next week is better, and I hope they donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t screw it up!  Otherwise, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll make an even longer wait for Book VI.
353	J_Crews	2012-05-13	I have one problem - only one - with this episode. The "deaths" of Bran and Rickon were not a driving factor in Catelyn's release of Jaime. I understand that the TV show wanted to have a great cliffhanger, but what she does makes so much more sense in the books as she believes that she's trying to save her two surviving daughters and her last children (besides Robb).As I stated earlier, the difference between the book and the show is that, in the book, Karstark is off on the march with Robb.  We don't see his hatred until she's released Jaime.  In the show, Robb is gone but Karstark is there, a direct threat.  Everyone is getting drunk and increasingly rowdy, and it's quite obvious Jaime will not live out the night unless she takes a hand and gets him out of there.
354	victim	2012-05-13	As I stated earlier, the difference between the book and the show is that, in the book, Karstark is off on the march with Robb.  We don't see his hatred until she's released Jaime.  In the show, Robb is gone but Karstark is there, a direct threat.  Everyone is getting drunk and increasingly rowdy, and it's quite obvious Jaime will not live out the night unless she takes a hand and gets him out of there.Yeah, it still makes sense in that regard, though a little extra motive wouldn't have hurt. She has a few reasons for doing it in the book doesn't she, or was it just for the girls? I can't quite remember.
355	Meera Evangelista	2012-05-13	Y'all keep complaining about the lack of Ramsay in the Winterfell scenes as an influence to Theon, but I think you're being a little too loyal to the books to notice something I've become 100% convinced of.
Who is there to tell Theon he needs to execute Ser Rodrik Cassel? Dagmer. Dagmer's also there when he (offscreen) makes the decision to kill the innocent orphan boys. The show's been awful focused on Dagmer, for what a minor character he is in the books going forward, and I think that means he's gonna end up being Ramsay, which is why he's filling Reek's role now.
I have no idea how they'd explain what Bolton's bastard was doing on the iron islands, but I've made my theory and I'm sticking to it. Hi haters.
356	tmug	2012-05-13	I dont really remember but why did QH & co. leave Jon with the wildling anyways? They said they'd meet back up with him but never did. Why leave a 'steward' alone with a hardened wildling?
357	Rockroi	2012-05-13	So the message of this episode: keep the stuff you have in cages or at the end of a leash under careful guard.  Because dragons, wildings and Kingslayers make terrible prisoners.What I liked:The Man (Without Honor): You get this idea that every time Jaime gets a twinkle in his eye, some dummy gets killed.  Jory, a Karstark, a distant cousin, Aerys Targaryen.  Makes no matter.   Jaime is not living by the rules imposed upon him by others.  And the Starks least of all.  So when Jaime operates its simple: one way or the other he ainâ<U+0080><U+0099>t staying a prisoner.  I thought that â<U+0080>¦ captured the essence of Jaime so very well.  This was a man who wanted out of his chainsâ<U+0080>¦ who wanted out of serving Aerysâ<U+0080>¦ who wanted to kill Ned Starkâ<U+0080>¦. And for Jaime, well, you better watch it.  Jaime, in so many ways is the Darkness reaching out for the light, and its either him or you.And so he kills his cousin and a Karstark and when faced with Cat Stark Jaime is so very, very Jaime.  His honesty is not just understandable, its refreshing.  He does not trick or fool ANYONE; that ainâ<U+0080><U+0099>t his game.  Jaime is simply living in this moment, and in this moment he does not want to be a prisoner.  So he rolls the dice with Cat.  And speaks the truth the whole time.  Poor Old Dead Nedâ<U+0080>¦. He ainâ<U+0080><U+0099>t gonna let a silly thing like â<U+0080><U+009C>familyâ<U+0080><U+009D> get in his way.  Nope.  And you ignore that at your peril.The Crazy Person (Without Honor): THeonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s precarious problem has become manifest as the walls of reality close in on him.  He cannot stay; he cannot go.  He is stuck.  And so he melts down and trashes out at anything around him.  His desperation is not focused (like Jaimeâ<U+0080><U+0099>s) nor cavalier (like Ygritteâ<U+0080><U+0099>s) nor innocent (like the dragons); its stark raving selfish.  And I though the episode nailed that.  I think Theon is, possibly, the most underrated character in the books.  And he may be the most underrated in the show.The Hostage and the Queen: I think that Sansaâ<U+0080><U+0099>s dilemma in the jaws of the lionâ<U+0080><U+0099>s mouth is incredible and as forceful as in the books.  Yeah, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a little strange to have the actress playing Sansa screaming about her period when she now looks 18, but I can look past that.  I think that Cerseiâ<U+0080><U+0099>s whispers to Sansa are as good and as poisonous as they are honest.  Its from a woman who has learned to distrust the world speaking to a woman who has not learned that she cannot trust everyone.The Warlord and the Silent Girl: Okay look- I get it (to be read in the Louis ck whiny voice): "Tywin would do something if he knew his cup bearer was of high birthâ<U+0080>¦ he wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t just sit around and talk to herâ<U+0080>¦ Tywin is a big meany and would never be nice or goodâ<U+0080>¦ I want Tywin to be mean and bad so I can go on hating him" (end voice) â<U+0080>¦. THIS IS WHY WE CANâ<U+0080><U+0099>T HAVE NICE THINGS!  The Tywin/Arya dynamic just works.  Its fresh, dynamic, poised, intelligent, honest and real.  And the whole time these two fucking PROS are playing each other and EVERYONE ELSE WHO WALKS INTO THAT ROOM!  I watched this episode with a room full of people, and when Tywin was saying â<U+0080><U+009C>Mâ<U+0080><U+0099>lordâ<U+0080><U+009D> to Arya showing her that he knew, I said â<U+0080><U+009C>If they just had these two people ina  room and then had a various person from the Series walk in and they schooled them for 55 minutes, every one of you would watch that showâ<U+0080><U+009D> And EVERYONE AGREED!  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a great duo, an amazing interplay and people like it.So, really, why canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t we like good stuff done well?  Why do we have to be so â<U+0080><U+009C>But Tywin would be bald and heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a jerkâ<U+0080>¦ I LOVE ROBB!â<U+0080><U+009D>  Well, this works.  WHY CANâ<U+0080><U+0099>T WE HAVE NICE THINGS??!What I am on the Fence About:The Prisoner-Taker (with or without Honor): I stated in a prior post for the last episode that I thought that the show was going to circumvent the Jon/Quiron desertion for something else.  That may or may not be happening.  But they spent a lot of time on a story cross that is, almost literally, going nowhere.  Okay, he may be kidnapped, etc, but they gotta pull this thing together.  I like the Quiron storyline as it was in the book and I am uncertain how that would take any longer than what we are seeing now.  I think that story always was a really solid idea and very interesting.  The one where Jon is merely a prisoner?  Gotta tell you, its better than the â<U+0080><U+009C>catch and release" ideas people were saying before, but I am still not sold.  Not sold at all.The King in the Northâ<U+0080>¦ I MEAN QARTH: WTF?!  So we add in a convoluted power-grab in Qarth?  Really?  And how come anytime there is a counsel they are having their servants slash their throats?  Really?  Is this really what this season needed?  Another awkward, unrealistic, highly convenient power grab in the middle of nowhere that somehow explains why they needed to kidnap the dragons?Here is the one reason this is here and not in â<U+0080><U+009C>What I do not like:â<U+0080><U+009D> at least Dany is no longer trying to find the people who took her dragons: they found her!  This marks the first time anyone has been able to get Dany to go after anything that could conceivably fold her into the plot of the books.  If it sets her moving in the right direction so be it.What I Do Not Like And What We Have to Really Start Taking Seriously:The Death of Queen Amidala:In the (horribly misguided) Star Wars Prequels, once we get to Episode 3 we are all left knowing that certain â<U+0080>¦ cargo must be jettisoned.  Droids have to have their memories wiped, Anakin needs to get into a suit and (not trivially) Padme Amidala has to give borth to two kids (Luke and Leia) and then die.  Somehow.  And so as the episode unfolds we all know â<U+0080><U+009C>They gotta get finality here soonâ<U+0080>¦ because this is the last episode before 4 etcâ<U+0080><U+009D> And so, a droid tells us that Queen Amidala, the mother of two newborns is dying because she has â<U+0080><U+009C>lost the will to live.â<U+0080><U+009D> DONE AND DONE!  In other words, in order to meet this arbitrary deadline, the story HAS TO wipe her out.  So instead of putting together a real story-arc with conflict and tragedy etc.  NOPE!  She just â<U+0080><U+009C>lost the will to live.â<U+0080><U+009D>  And thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s how its left.  Teh suck.So, I get that if I ever write ANYTHING that says â<U+0080><U+009C>The show did X and I did not like Xâ<U+0080><U+009D> I am in danger of being called a â<U+0080><U+009C>purist,â<U+0080><U+009D> which is somehow an insult (look where we all are?  ON the message boards of the series we all love).  And I can see that.  I also knew that when the show started it was going to be in 10 episode seasons that would need to be trimmed down to include the essentials and eliminate a lot of subtlety and details.  I get all that.The series is drifting into this area where they are clearly trying to just finish in this allotted time period.  And they are throwing out common sense and story depth for the sake of â<U+0080><U+009C>coming in at the number.â<U+0080><U+009D>  Most notably, look at Cat: instead of having Cat release Jaime out of desperation after losing Brand and Rickon and to save her daughters, she does it â<U+0080>¦ well, she does it because its Episode7 and we have a season to wrap up.  So, letsâ<U+0080><U+0099> cut out the middle and tie these ends together.  Jaime is out in Ep. 7, not 10!  DONE!  What?  Jon Snow not in it enough?  Damn, we have to cut some time soâ<U+0080>¦ ahâ<U+0080>¦ ahâ<U+0080>¦ just forget all that stuff about Quironâ<U+0080><U+0099>s plan etc- just have him get captured and then turn over.  DONE AND DONE!  What?  Dany stuck in Qarth for no reason?  Well, we gotta get her to the House of the Undying so, lets concoct this senseless power grab!  And sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s there!Nuance and depth are being sacrificed in the name of 9/10 episodes.  And I get it- better than no series at all.  I get that.  But the choices being made?   How come we needed so much time with Dany â<U+0080><U+0093> for what purpose?  A convoluted mess in Qarth?  How come so much time dedicated to Jon Snow chasing one chick (he let go anyway)?  Oh great, with the added bonus of a completely worthless scene where Jon is uncomfortable that a hot chick wants to fuck him.  Thank God, we needed more of that.Meanwhile, no Stannis, nothing meaningful with Robb, we finally got a Jaime scene after 5 episodes without a word.  And for what?  So we can learn that Dany is pissed somebody took her dragons?  Or you could have shortened all this and just had her go to the House of the Undying! The reality is that no actor/actress would agree to have Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s part be so thin for season 2, so they added in a bunch of nonsense for her to do; same thing with Jon Snow.  I get that.  But does it have to be this blatant and uninspired?And the nuance is being bled from the show.  All the subtlety and texture of the show is being bleached away in this mad dash to finish it all by 10pm Sunday June3.  I can appreciate a deadline, but at the same time, we have wiped out so much creativity, so much establishment, depth, subtlety, body and texture in order that Queen Amidala be dead by the end of the Prequels!I just would like it of that while they are rushing so head-long into this, that they stop and try to add more flavor and depth to this world instead of trying to see if they can get this ride to hit 100 before it spins out of control.I want to make it clear: the series is still really good and as a fan, I love that it is being made.  Acting is still great and they continue to add good stuff and stay true to key concepts in the books.  But at the same time, I can see the wear and tear on show as it sacrifices much to get to 10 episodes.  And some decisions are not so understandable.
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 14 May 2012 - 12:00 AM.
358	Caro99	2012-05-13	- even if he is now a kinslayer, i loved jaime here!all of his lines were perfect!! and cat, her acting was so good, but if the northmen got crazy for what jaime did to karstark, then imagine what they'll do when next episode starts. i both feel for cat then, and yet want to see brienne/jaime start!!
-theon... yeah i am not symphatizing with his characater the way i did last week. tonight i really didn't like him.
- dany, well, i didn't like her either that much tonight. but pyat pree was great! so spooky, and i feel so sad for ser jorah! /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
- yrgitte is sooo funny! i can't wait for S3 if tonight was just a taste of what's to come between her and jon! but where is qhorin?? i'm not sure if i am liking this changes to the story.
- tywin/arya, they may not be in the books, but i like this odd bond they've created.
- and now to sansa and sandor!! that 1st scene with them was great!! love to see they are showing the nasty hound from the books! and it was great to hear him say that he did plan to stay and protect her in KL... until the blackwater that is. they've changed their story so much i am not sure what to hope for on that episode!
  and about sansa's moonblood. sophie turner is such a talented young actress, it is known! & no sure what to think of it, but i like shae now. i guess that poor sansa will have yet another reason in S3 to be miserable about when she is married to tyrion: her handmaiden going sour on her..
  and though it was weird to see sandor in the room (can't imagine who was more embarrased over the situation) i like that he was the 1st man to see her after this important change cause maybe it will mean a foreshadowing for something in the following books??
the cerseri/sansa scene was as good as in the books. and even if i liked the tyrion/cersei scene, gosh they've really cahnged cersei!!!
359	Pinn	2012-05-13	I do like the Tywin/Arya scenes, although she is completely giving herself away, and Tywin knows it. Not sure how thats going to work out!Yes, Tywin totally suspects her, hence the food "sampling".  He is setting a trap and she is merrily falling into it by being too clever by half.  Interesting to see how this plays out.  Nice addition to the series.
360	The Smiling Eye	2012-05-13	Are people really going to blow a casket every time there's a deviation from the books?It's called an adaptation. Learn what that means, please.
361	J_Crews	2012-05-13	Yeah, it still makes sense in that regard, though a little extra motive wouldn't have hurt. She has a few reasons for doing it in the book doesn't she, or was it just for the girls? I can't quite remember. It's just to get the girls back, having lost the boys (or so she believes).
362	Harle The Handsome	2012-05-14	Now the House of the Undying will be good, the visions are coming!I want to see what will they do concerning:Tyrion's chainFrom his conversation with the pyromancer and Bronn I am assuming there won't be one  nor will they be flinging wildfire with catapults(it probably would have busted their meager budget).  I think what will happen is they will use the pots more like mines than bombs-this will be Tyrion's idea-and fling hot coals from the catapults.
363	The Smiling Eye	2012-05-14	I just wanted to let everyone in on a little delicious piece of info.
GRRM wrote this episode.
364	J_Crews	2012-05-14	I just wanted to let everyone in on a little delicious piece of info.GRRM wrote this episode.Thought he was only writing episode 9 "Blackwater."
365	Laohu	2012-05-14	I just wanted to let everyone in on a little delicious piece of info.GRRM wrote this episode.What? Explain.
366	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-05-14	The Jaime/Alton scene was powerful and I didn't expect that coming. When Jaime told Alton to lean in I thought "Wait...he's not going to...is he?" then (CRACK!) he did it. I thought it was a great scene and I also love how they worked in the Karstark angle.
367	Terilien	2012-05-14	I just wanted to let everyone in on a little delicious piece of info.GRRM wrote this episode.You're joking right?
368	Laohu	2012-05-14	Only if Roose sired Ramsay when he was 8, could I see Dagmer being Ramsay. Otherwise, no way. Dagmer is too old to be Ramsay. I think D&D simply merged the two characters as far as the events of ACoK go. Ramsay may make an appearance in the season finale.
369	The Smiling Eye	2012-05-14	What? Explain.I could've sworn he said he was writing the 7th episode for this season. I heard it from him in a past interview. I don't have hard evidence so think what you will, but that's what I am pretty sure about.
					
					
							Edited by The Smiling Eye, 14 May 2012 - 12:21 AM.
370	Laohu	2012-05-14	I believe he has the honor of penning just one episode a season, and it was confirmed long ago that he is writing the Blackwater episode (2.9). Also, I think D&D were given credit for the writing during the opening credits, just as all the other episodes displayed the one(s) responsible with the task of writing the episode script.
371	Underfoot	2012-05-14	I believe he has the honor of penning just one episode a season, and it was confirmed long ago that he is writing the Blackwater episode (2.9). Also, I think D&D were given credit for the writing during the opening credits, just as all the other episodes displayed the one(s) responsible with the task of writing the episode script.Yeah, this exactly. GRRM did not write this episode. Benioff and Weiss were given the credits, and GRRM only wrote the one, 2x09.
372	J_Crews	2012-05-14	I could've sworn he said he was writing the 7th episode for this season. I heard it from him in a past interview. I don't have hard evidence so think what you will, but that's what I am pretty sure about. He's writing episode 7 of Season 3, not Season 2.
373	Mauvka	2012-05-14	Are people really going to blow a casket every time there's a deviation from the books?Yes, yes they are... /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
374	imbs	2012-05-14	I liked the Tywin/Arya scenes. Don't get me wrong they definitely seemed out of character regarding Book - Tywin, but if you ignore that fact it is easy to really enjoy that scene. There are so many talking points and implications from that scene alone that i think it was worth it to change the character of Tywin in order to incorporate it. Arya and Tywin are some of the very best actors in this show which must have added to the appeal of this new, more human Tywin and the change in the storyline to accommodate it.
Like many of you i loved how Tywin was described in the books; he would occasionally threaten to smile and it was terrible to behold, but these scenes, based entirely on their own merit, are amazing and are some of the better changes from the books.
375	Ravenhair	2012-05-14	@The Smiling Eye
The producers. Benioff and Weiss, were credited with writing tonight's episode.  GRRM wrote Episode 9, the Battle of the Blackwater.
376	Ravenhair	2012-05-14	Oops. Double post.  Everything is slow tonight, so I pressed "post" too many times.  Another reason everyone should donate for the server upgrades to asoiaf.westeros.org.
					
					
							Edited by Ravenhair, 14 May 2012 - 12:33 AM.
377	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-05-14	Can I just say that I love Rose Leslie's performance as Ygritte.  She's exactly how I envisioned her, except probably prettier, which only makes me like her more.
378	Arrogant Bastard	2012-05-14	Pretty good episode. Lot of stuff I liked, some I didn't care for, but overall pretty well done.
Good stuff:
Arya and Tywin. Maisie and Charles play off each other really well, and while I doubt Tywin would be talking so much to his cupbearer, I really don't care because it's so well done. Also, that long shot of Harrenhal really looked fantastic.
Theon and Winterfell. Dagmer (Finchy) is clearly taking the role of Reek, which is fine for now. Allen is great as Theon, and I loved that Maester Luwin continues to verbally own Theon. I doubt any new viewers will really believe Bran and Rickon are dead, especially with them mentioning the farm children, but that's not really a big deal.
Sansa. Glad they're giving her more screentime, and her short scene with the Hound was pretty good. Also, her scene with Cersei was damn close to how I remember it in teh book, which is usually a good thing.
Tyrion and Cersei. GOod scene, though obviously they're really softening Cersei a lot. Still, I thought it was well acted, and in the univerise of the show, it makes sense.
Jaime. I'm not sure how I feel about the kinslaying. Jaime clearly didn't care one bit in the books when Cleos died, but that's also not nearly teh same as killing him. Jaime does have a complicated honor system, but this felt pretty dark, even for him. Still, I enjoyed the scene between him and Cately, and I'm glad they included at least part of the latter half of the conversation that they didn't get to last season. Still, would have liked for Jaime to go into the details of Brandon and Rickard. 
Littlefinger. Thank god he wasn't in this episode too.
Stuff that was meh
Jon Snow and Ygritte. I really don't see the point of this. I guess they want to have some romantic tension between the two early, but it really feels like a waste of time. And if Qhorin is such a great ranger, how the hell hasn't he found them yet? I liked the delivery of "you know nothing Jon Snow", but most of their dialog was just too much of Ygritte teasing him. Would have preferred the Bael story. Mostly, I just don't get why they couldn't have Jon release her last episode without the whole chase and keep it like in the book. This whole new sequence, especially with him getting captured, really makes Jon look like a complete nincompoop.
Robb and Talisa. Just a boring romance that I don't care about.
Stuff I don't get
Varys. Where the fuck is he? I feel like D'angelo when I'm watching, I just want to shout out "WHERE THE FUCK IS VARYS?". I don't think he's appeared since episode 3.
Qarth. What a mess. I didn't even care for Qarth that much in the books, but this tv version is just a giant clusterfuck. Don't care for the ridiculous power grabs and twists, and does anybody really care who the King of Qarth is? Or what that even means? THis whole plotline feels like it was made to be action packed adn give Dany someting to do, but I find it hammy, and the time could have been better spent on Stannis.
379	Ser Hippie	2012-05-14	RIP Spice King, the world of Game of Thrones is too small for two grammarians.
380	J_Crews	2012-05-14	Only if Roose sired Ramsay when he was 8, could I see Dagmer being Ramsay. Otherwise, no way. Dagmer is too old to be Ramsay. I think D&D simply merged the two characters as far as the events of ACoK go. Ramsay may make an appearance in the season finale.The actor who plays Dagmer was born in Dec. 1969, so he's 42.  How old is the guy who plays Roose?
381	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-14	And where'ssss Ramsay? Theon flayed, er... burned the children without him! We got the green light from Roose, but where is the bastard of Bolton??What makes you think he isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t there?I don't even know what to discuss. Nothing happened in this episode. Transition episode I suppose. If Dany doesn't hurry up and get into the House of the Undying I'm going to scream! Scream, then: she wonâ<U+0080><U+0099>t get there for three more episodes.
382	niA±ostark	2012-05-14	I know probably I'm being a little whiny bitch, but I understand some deviation from the original plot, but this thing is getting way far from the story.
I don't see any difference between a "tv adaptation" and horrible fanfic
383	Fredwin	2012-05-14	Yeah, this was the soap-opera episode of the season. Let's hope for a strong finish though. 
My only real issue is with the Jon Snow story arc. Firstly: No Orell?? No eagle? It's not like the audience needs to be introduced to skinchanging at this point, but Orell was a pretty huge part of this whole scouting mission. He's what they were really up against and he's really what screwed them over in the long run. An eagle following Quorin's group around would have made a point and opened up what was happening for an explanation next season. 
Second: Jon Snow in the novel may not always make the best decisions, but he makes the ones that need to be made. So far in the series he has done nothing except what people tell him to do. Right now, he's basically looking extremely stupid for losing a prisoner twice and causing the scouting mission to fail. That is a HUGE deviation from the book. 
Third: Quorin is probably still going to sacrifice himself in the same way as the book, but it's not going to be the same. Quorin has already explained to the audience he is a dead-man, and it's only going to look like Jon got him executed.
384	Robin Of House Hill	2012-05-14	Part of me wants to complain about all the deviations from the book.  Then I realize that they have ten one hour shows to cover the whole book.  Obviously they have to make changes and at the same time, make it enjoyable.
The Tywin/Arya interaction was fascinating.  Arya's being led by Tywin and possibly is too easily falling into his trap, but it is entertaining and shows something of Tywin's personality we haven't seen before.
The Winterfell scenes eliminated some things and people, but got you where you needed to be.  The tarred bodies were done perfectly.
Ygrette was fantastic.  I had a great time watching her make Jon Snow uncomfortable.  My only concern is how will they work in the instructions Halfhand gives Jon in the book.
As for Qarth, that was a real departure from the book, but it worked in enough elements from the book and was entertaining in the manner it did so.
Would I have preferred it to be more faithful to the book?  Yes, but I don't think HBO is going to go for a season that runs 52 weeks, much as I'd like them to.
385	Sound_of_winter	2012-05-14	I was hoping the Bran and Rickon scene at the end would be shocking, all my non reader friends knew right away it was the orphans, if they didnt mention the orphans this episode it would have been better
386	pleonasm	2012-05-14	I loved the Cersei and Tyrion scene. I am one of the harshest critics of Benioff and Weiss, but Cersei is the one thing that they have done that surpasses George's vision of the character. On the show she is an actual human being vs. the crazy shrew on the book series.
That said, I was pretty bored throughout this episode. I can't put a finger on the reason, but it just dragged for me.
387	wood_dat_aye_could	2012-05-14	Is it just me or did it seem like the last scene didnt explain if that was supposed to be Bran and Rickon. Theon said 'what happens to people who dont do as I say' more or less and then they roll out two dead bodies, one looks like it could have been a grown mans.  I was watching with a non-reader and he thought it was the people who talked to Theon at the village, and I couldnt really just tell hin that it was supposed to be BnR.  They rushed that scene I thought... Anyone see sopmething I didnt?  IS that supposed to be BnR?
388	lostinwesteros	2012-05-14	I just wanted to let everyone in on a little delicious piece of info.GRRM wrote this episode.So, let's see, that would be the adaptation that we need to learn what it means, please?	  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by House of White and White, 14 May 2012 - 01:00 AM.
389	Longspear Ryk	2012-05-14	Honostly i think tv tywin is a perfect representation of book tywin... Or what i always assumed he was loke.. You learn nothing of who tywin really is until feast and dance throufh genna  and keven Tyrion, jamie, and cersei's views are pretty skewed... Tonight was the best showing when he told arya he was fond of her but she still needs to watch herself... She would be his almost perfect child... 
Dany storyline is actully good considering its a snorefest in the book...
The winterfall arc is awesome besides the fct were mising my reek...
Was bored with the cersei scenes.. But the sansa hound and sansa shae scenes were good..
Jamie killing alton wasn out of charcter at all... The only people he really cards about are him cersei tyrion and his father... Then maybe his kids? He doesnt start being nice till after he looses the hand..BUT wtf at cateyln freeing him tonight? Whats he reasoning? She isnt even desperat or ccrazy enoufh yet... Now shes just being a bitch by freeing him....
Their ruining my boy jons storyline though... Dumbingdown his character and such.. Yeah the girl playing ygritte is an "awesome actress" and hot but seriously the storyline is stupid...
390	Lady Olenna	2012-05-14	I know everyone loves to pick the series apart but I am absolutely in awe of the acting talent that every single episode produces.  I mean, these people are amazing in their roles.  Even the deviations, to me, are awesome.  I had a problem at first getting used to the deviations because season 1 seemed pretty true to the book.  But now I just sit back and enjoy the new twists and turns.  Kind of makes it new all over again. 
I thought the Qarth scenes were amazing.  I was a little lost with Quaithe but the twist of Pyatt and Xaro really was great. 
Catelyn was fantastic and Jaime's humor was spot on (although I'm still eagerly awaiting to hear him call "the beast" a wench).  The scene with Tyrion and Cersei confused me because I don't remember anything like that happening in the book but it was nice to see the interaction between them.  Jon/Ygritte's back and forth was great.  I think it would be hard to capture the internal struggles Jon goes through and I think they do a good job with story. 
And can I get an Amen - miracles do happen - I actually enjoyed Shae's character this episode.  Although.... why was the Hound in Sansa's room? 
Ok - so one minor complaint - where is Varys??  We've seen much of LF but no Varys.  Bummer.
391	wood_dat_aye_could	2012-05-14	What I meant to say was, is that supposed to be 'supposed to be' BnR?
392	UncertainPerson	2012-05-14	Jaime killing Alton is NO problem with me. Don't you guys remember all the times Jaime talked about killing Brienne in his mind to escape? So why wouldn't he kill Alton to escape.
Yes, the whole cousin who looked up to him made it more brutal than usual, but don't act like its a HUGE deviation from his character.
Also, I'm sick of people complaining about the changes. If you wanted the exact same thing that was happening in your head as you read, then what's the point? Just enjoy the show for what it is. There are some amazing scenes in here, and the goal of the show is to be successful AS THE SHOW. Not to copy the books word for word.
My only issue is what is going to happen with Jon Snow...but they still have 3 episodes to fix his situation.
393	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-14	I loved the Jaime killing the Frey kid and the karstark kid. Rickard blaming jaime specifically made little sense in the books. Loved the Theon scenes, and Rickon getting a line as well. Loved the ep
 only down side was they made it too obvious it was not rickon and bran. They should have cut to a shot where they leave the barn and "chase" them, all the while Bran and company are running.
					
					
							Edited by Hear Us Roar, 14 May 2012 - 01:22 AM.
394	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-14	For what will Robb take Karstarkâ<U+0080><U+0099>s head now?
395	tmug	2012-05-14	Do you guys think Cat cut off Jaime's hand at the end? I dont understand how she could free him without knowing Bran/Rickon are 'dead'...
396	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-14	Why wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t Jaime just have gotten his coz to lie down and pretend to be having a seizure? Would have effected the same result. Murder seems stupid. His father has more respect for his own blood than the Jamester  has.
397	Zod	2012-05-14	This show needs to be an hour and half or even two hours long per episode. Either that, or we need like 15+ episodes a season. I don't think they can continue in this fashion for the next books. There are just too many characters and too much stuff going on. Even this season feels rushed and skipping around all over the place. When you break each episode down into minutes per character its kind of disappointing. We only see characters for like a few minutes a week. WE NEED LONGER EPISODES HBO! Well, I think "A Storm of Swords" will be made into 2 seasons.
398	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-14	Do you guys think Cat cut off Jaime's hand at the end? Me, Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>dâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve gone for his tongue, myself.
399	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-14	Well, I think "A Storm of Swords" will be made into 2 seasons.Unlikely. All we know is that it is being made into more than one season.1.6 is more than 1.
400	UncertainPerson	2012-05-14	Well, I think "A Storm of Swords" will be made into 2 seasons.Yes, GRRM has confirmed that Season 3 of GoT will cover roughly half of A Storm of SwordsI just wonder where they will end the season...Red Wedding is around 2/3rds into the book
401	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-14	Why wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t Jaime just have gotten his coz to lie down and pretend to be having a seizure? Would have effected the same result. Murder seems stupid. His father has more respect for his own blood than the Jamester  has.I think Tywin would approve. They are the "main" house after all. Jaime is worth more than Alton. Just like he is worth more than the Stark girls which is why a trade would never happen.For what will Robb take Karstarkâ<U+0080><U+0099>s head now?Karstark might kill some other people under Stark protection when Jaime is freed. Possible a few high profile prisoners they have.
402	victim	2012-05-14	I hope they don't show Bran and Rickon again until after the sacking of Winterfell. When I first read it in the books I never believed the two head's that Theon covered in tar were those of the boys, at least at first. After enough time had passed my opinion changed, until the Miller's boy revelation occurred. My point is that it's all well and good for audiences to think Bran and Rickon aren't dead at this point, just as I had, but in 3 episodes when we finally see them again it could come as a shock that they're still alive.
403	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-14	z it jst me o dd it sm lk th lst sn ddnt expln f tht wz spsd 2 B Brn & Rkn. Thn sd wht hpnz 2 ppl who dnt do az I sy mr o ls & thn thy rl owt 2 dd bdz, 1 lks lk it cldv bn a grwn mnz. I wz wchng wth a nn-rdr & he tht it wz th ppl who tlkd 2 Thn @ th vlj, & I cldnt rly jst tl hn tht it wz spsd 2 B BnR. Thy rshd tht sn I tht... Any1 C spmthng I ddnt? z tht spsd 2 B BnR?It there a translation key in the house? ;}
404	victim	2012-05-14	I also liked the Qarth changes. Fits well with the shows title, as Qarth has a miniature Game of Thrones of their own.
405	J_Crews	2012-05-14	For what will Robb take Karstarkâ<U+0080><U+0099>s head now? I'm assuming he'll take his rage out on some other captives, just like in the book.  We haven't seen them but we know, from the dialogue, that there are a plethora of them for him to slaughter.
406	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-05-14	I think the changes they made to why Catelyn releases Jaime was made to make her decision less of a purely emotional freakout decision and more of a "get the most out of a bad situation" decision.
The show is implying that without Robb there, Jaime was a dead man before the morning, so Cat would rather have the chance of getting her daughters back, than a corpse of Jaime Lannister that is of no use to her.
It makes Cat's decision more palatable. I don't mind this change to make Cat a less hated figure among the fandom.
FWIW, I never hated Cat, I actually quite like her a character and frankly I think a lot of people hate her for entirely the wrong reasons.
407	Frumpus	2012-05-14	I'm really surprised that they chose to have Sansa's flowering scene - particularly because she's supposed to be a lot older than she is from the books. Are they counting on viewers to be completely ignorant to women's reproduction cycles?
408	salt	2012-05-14	Terrific episode, probably the second best of the season.  Loved the Harren the Black reference and the shout-out to the Brotherhood Without Banners.
409	J_Crews	2012-05-14	Do you guys think Cat cut off Jaime's hand at the end? I dont understand how she could free him without knowing Bran/Rickon are 'dead'...This is like the 3rd time I've said this in the thread, but...It's different from the book, because in it Karstark was away with Robb.  In the show, he's there, drinking and stewing, and the whole camp is like a pot boiling over.  Jaime isn't going to survive the night if she doesn't get him out of there. The only way not to have done it this way would've been to have Kastark away with Robb (like in the book), but that would've delayed Jaime's release until at least next week; which would've thrown a wrench in the plan they talked about months ago of moving some of Jaime's ASoS arc up into this season in order to give NCW something to do this season.
410	J_Crews	2012-05-14	Well, I think "A Storm of Swords" will be made into 2 seasons. They've specifically stated this as a fact.
411	J_Crews	2012-05-14	Yes, GRRM has confirmed that Season 3 of GoT will cover roughly half of A Storm of SwordsI just wonder where they will end the season...Red Wedding is around 2/3rds into the bookThe RW will happen next season.  Count on it.
412	Roose Boltons Pet Leech	2012-05-14	In season 1, there were less characters,[Channeling Stannis]Fewer characters.[/Channeling Stannis]
413	Sharpes	2012-05-14	Good episode overall. I liked the warlock, Jaime and Catelyn's scenes. Loved the shot of Harrenhall! It's huge. /ohmy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' />Wasn't Jaime squiring for Lord Sumner Crakehall at the Kingswood? Either way, I'm not fussed.On a side note, Abigail Nussbaum has an interesting article on Game of Thrones:http://wrongquestion...and-horses.html
					
					
							Edited by Sharpes, 14 May 2012 - 02:29 AM.
414	DirePenguin	2012-05-14	Why was Harren called "Harren the Black" ?
415	SnowBastard	2012-05-14	Loved the way Dagmer looked at the two boys running in the courtyard. I think it's safe to say that the scene Alfie was talking about in episode 10 is the reveal that Dagmer is Ramsay. I personally love this and have come to terms with the changes. 
Waldau's portrayal of Jaime is mind blowing. Next season will be amazing for him. 
New mountain did ok in this episode. 
I think they had to change the Quarth storyline to keep people interested as the book Dany storyline got stale from Clash till The very end of Dance IMO so there will be many more changes in the next few seasons. 
I have to say that I think Alfie is the standout actor this season. I really enjoyed Tyrion in the beginning but damn they are just doing a fantastic job with the Theon arc.
					
					
							Edited by SnowBastard, 14 May 2012 - 01:50 AM.
416	Winterfell is Burning	2012-05-14	Why was Harren called "Harren the Black" ?Because he was a good chap and a pleasant fellow.
417	J_Crews	2012-05-14	I never hated Cat, I actually quite like her a character and frankly I think a lot of people hate her for entirely the wrong reasons.I only hated her a little when reading AGoT, before we really got to know her better as a character; but, even then, it was just because of how poorly she treated Jon.  Her reasons for disliking him are very human and understandable, but I still find it irrational to mistreat a kid because of things that are totally out of his control i.e. the manner of his own birth.  Instead of being mad at Ned, she turned all that poison on the boy and made him feel unwanted his whole life when she had it within her power to make him think of her as his mother instead.
418	J_Crews	2012-05-14	Terrific episode, probably the second best of the season.  Loved the Harren the Black reference and the shout-out to the Brotherhood Without Banners. And an even more awesome shot of the ruined majesty of Harrenhal.
419	Dragon of Valyria	2012-05-14	Absolutely loved how Sansa-heavy this episode was. It was a true pleasure to watch, though I really could have gone without reliving the rape scene twice (both on the "last time..." and during Sansa's dream. Argh, but is that stuff tough to watch.) I also didn't expect to see her bloody legs, that was ... really really weird. But I suppose the POV shot was more effective than seeing the stain.Also liked her conversations with the Hound and Cersei--she fought back against the former, but kept her mask on in the latter discussion. It's interesting. I'm looking forward to Maegor's Holdfast.I also was happy we FINALLY got the tender Tyrion-Cersei scene. They needed at least one scene where they were almost civil, and I was sad we didn't get it earlier. Good to have it now.Don't really care about the Qarth changes, Qarth is weird (pretty, but weird).Loved the discussion of Rhaenys and Visenya (odd that Rhaenys is pronounced "ray-knees", since the i in "nys" is short in Aerys, Daenerys, and Viserys), and a Dark Sister namedrop. Didn't care for the conversation otherwise--people keep saying we never get a Tywin point of view, but that guy's soulless. This is the guy who had a girl gang raped because she was a peasant. Come on.Jon/Ygritte really dragged, but we finally got THE LINE.I'm really surprised that they chose to have Sansa's flowering scene - particularly because she's supposed to be a lot older than she is from the books. Are they counting on viewers to be completely ignorant to women's reproduction cycles?They made a point of having Cersei ask her in the pilot whether she's bled, and then Joffrey says at the end of the first season that he'll father children on her as soon as she's bled. So that ship sailed a long time ago.Yeah, she's a bit old at 13, but history shows that girls are "flowering" earlier and earlier--so it stands to reason that it happened later during a medieval time period. Perhaps her nothern diet was lacking in the proper nutrients. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by Dragon of Valyria, 14 May 2012 - 02:05 AM.
420	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-05-14	I only hated her a little when reading AGoT, before we really got to know her better as a character; but, even then, it was just because of how poorly she treated Jon.  Her reasons for disliking him are very human and understandable, but I still find it irrational to mistreat a kid because of things that are totally out of his control i.e. the manner of his own birth.  Instead of being mad at Ned, she turned all that poison on the boy and made him feel unwanted his whole life when she had it within her power to make him think of her as his mother instead.Yes but even in AGOT when she encounters Mya Stone she felts a twinge of shame for how she treated Jon.  Cat is not perfect, but she is self-aware enough to own up to them.
421	Ramsay Gimp	2012-05-14	Loved the way Dagmer looked at the two boys running in the courtyard. I think it's safe to say that the scene Alfie was talking about in episode 10 is the reveal that Dagmer is Ramsay. I personally love this and have come to terms with the changes.Waldau's portrayal of Jaime is mind blowing. Next season will be amazing for him.New mountain did ok in this episode.I think they had to change the Quarth storyline to keep people interested as the book Dany storyline got stale from Clash till The very end of Dance IMO so there will be many more changes in the next few seasons.I have to say that I think Alfie is the standout actor this season. I really enjoyed Tyrion in the beginning but damn they are just doing a fantastic job with the Theon arc.Dagmer = Ramsay makes no sense
422	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-05-14	Yeah, people seem to have trouble understanding the difference between Dagmer serving in the role of Ramsey in this adaptation, to Dagmer being actually Ramsey in disguise.
423	J_Crews	2012-05-14	Yes but even in AGOT when she encounters Mya Stone she felts a twinge of shame for how she treated Jon.  Cat is not perfect, but she is self-aware enough to own up to them.Like I said, I only disliked her briefly, and, even then, only for the stuff concerning Jon.  Otherwise, I liked her fine.
424	pntrlqst	2012-05-14	Dagmer = Ramsay makes no senseYeah, I thought it did until I realized the actor that plays Ramsay is older than the actor that plays Roose.Never really care about changes. In fact, a lot I've liked. But why change Catelyn's reason for freeing Jamie? Finding out Bran and Rickon have died and releasing him in a fit of misery makes so much more sense. Really, there's no excuse for this change.
					
					
							Edited by vntrlqst, 14 May 2012 - 02:12 AM.
425	SnowBastard	2012-05-14	Not in a purist way, I agree. But the way the show is being handled it makes perfect sense. Reek is not in the hunt, not at Winterfell, basically doesn't exist. But just look at Dagmer's actions and reactions to Theons choices. He is mirroring Ramsay. From a financial pov it makes perfect sense to merge the characters from the ones we have already seen. Ralph is not a big name actor but overkill for book Dagmer and miscast as book Dagmer but he fits the provoking, coniving side of Ramsay. So far Dagmer has been pushing Theon into all of his mistakes. I could be wrong and I'll be first to admit it but it just points to Dagmer = Ramsay. 
Look on the brighter side, at least Ramsay exists in the show.
426	salt	2012-05-14	Why can't every episode be as good as this one?  This was absolutely incredible.  Pitch perfect TV yet enough deep ASOIAF jargon to keep any book fan happy.  Truly amazing work.
427	DurararaFTW	2012-05-14	Why was Harren called "Harren the Black" ?Cause the day after he completed his big fortress, a dragon roasted him black. Being roasted black by a dragon ended up being his legacy, rather then having an awesome castle. That was the point of Tywin's story.
428	J_Crews	2012-05-14	Yeah, people seem to have trouble understanding the difference between Dagmer serving in the role of Ramsey in this adaptation, to Dagmer being actually Ramsey in disguise.Agreed.  He's too old, in my estimation, to be Roose's son.  The actor was 41 when filming most of these scenes.  They've just consolidated the characters of Dagmer and Ramsey as he was when pretending to be Reek, most likely because they didn't want to yank budget funds from "Blackwater" to pay another actor's salary when, by doing it this way, they don't have to cast Ramsey until next season at the earliest.
429	J_Crews	2012-05-14	Never really care about changes. In fact, a lot I've liked. But why change Catelyn's reason for freeing Jamie? Finding out Bran and Rickon have died and releasing him in a fit of misery makes so much more sense. Really, there's no excuse for this change.Except for the way I've explained it 3 times already earlier in the thread, you mean.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 14 May 2012 - 02:18 AM.
430	SnowBastard	2012-05-14	Consolidating Reek into Dagmer would take a lot out of the character if indeed there will be a different Ramsay later
431	J_Crews	2012-05-14	double post.  server errors.   grrrrrrr
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 14 May 2012 - 02:32 AM.
432	Spooky Scary Jurble	2012-05-14	Man, all the changes are fine by me except Jaime killing a cousin.  It really doesn't jive with how Jaime's character should/would act in that situation.  I can't see Jaime, even with his pre-handchop personality flaws, killing a family member.
433	rmholt	2012-05-14	I liked the Tywin/Arya scenes. Don't get me wrong they definitely seemed out of character regarding Book - Tywin, ... he would occasionally threaten to smile and it was terrible to behold, but these scenes, based entirely on their own merit, are amazing and are some of the better changes from the books.In the books he did smile a lot privately with Cersei - I believe this was a revelation by Kevan. If that makes it easier for ya for his private scenes with Arya  - this is not nec a change just a side not many see.
434	J_Crews	2012-05-14	Consolidating Reek into Dagmer would take a lot out of the character if indeed there will be a different Ramsay laterAll it changes is him pretending to be Reek to avoid being killed by Ser Rodrik, which would be pretty difficult to explain seeing as how the series has never mentioned anything about him forcing Lady Hornwood to marry him, then starving her to death to get her lands, or his "hunting" of peasant girls, nor of Ser Rodrik being sent to arrest him in the first place.  Ramsay can still be the same soulless, flay-happy monster as always, with or without the initial Reek deception. Very insignificant deviation.
435	DurararaFTW	2012-05-14	All it changes is him pretending to be Reek.  He'll still be a soulless, flay-happy monster.  Very insignificant deviation.It takes the history out of why he's obsessed with Theon. There will be no "because" behind why he likes to keep him around for torture.
436	Shienberg	2012-05-14	Something important to note, guys. Yes, killing your cousin is horrible. But, so is pushing children out windows. I think, because Bran lived, people are somehow forgetting what Jamie is capable of doing in the name of self-preservation. Is killing your cousin that much more lowdown than pushing a child to his death?absolutely agree!
437	dansnow	2012-05-14	So many changes in this episode i can't keep track
The good: Anything with Jaime, Tyrion-Cersei, Pyat Pree scenes. All excellent, the first two for acting and last for the special effects. Also go Shae! And Arya-Tywin was gold as always.
The bad: Really don't like Ygritte, whether it's the actress or they way they wrote her (leaning towards this one) something is off. Also don't like how they wasted "You know nothing Jon Snow" about sex, sure in the book it was about freedom or something the first time. Also didn't like that they excluded the crypts, without Meera it would be even more impossible for them to travel without notice making the crypts all the more important. No way they escaped Theon, what are they gonna do, have them hide in a cellar?
The ugly: Somehow I hate Dany more in the show than the books, how is that even possible. She has like 5 people left and no dragons yet she treats all potential allies like shit, what an entitled, little brat.
Anyways probably my least favourite episode of the season but that's fine, I expected a slow one before it picks up for the final 3.
438	J_Crews	2012-05-14	It takes the history out of why he's obsessed with Theon. There will be no "because" behind why he likes to keep him around for torture.I don't see why that matters.  He wants a Reek, he has Theon, ergo Theon becomes his Reek.  All the subtle nuance is cool and everything, but the showrunners are constrained by real-world issues such as a limited budget.
439	Knez Snow	2012-05-14	I don't know how Ramsy went to the iron islands and became first mate. And how is he the one insisting on iron price and stuff. I think that would be hard to explain if Dagmer is Ramsy. Also, Dagmer looks somewhat way too rational to be Ramsy.
Considering episode, this one was great. I liked Ygritte scenes best. Last one in particular. She totally rocks. Already my favorite.
Jamie, I could have used more dialog with Cat. It was great, I just think that more of the same would be even better. They do have a long chat in the book.
Tyrion told Cersei that she has beaten 50/50 odds with her children. But out of 3 children it cannot be established. Perhaps 4th one would be crazy. How could 50/50 come from Joff, M and Tommen? Joff crazy, M half-crazy, Tommen normal?
440	Alboin	2012-05-14	I'm 100% on board with adaptation concept, especially since I understand that producers have a limited budget for each episode and have to avoida lot of horses, a lot of fights, a lot of extras, a lot of locations as much as possible... But... 6 minutes talk with a half-random Lannister guy (even ending up as it ended)? More and more scenes showing that Dany isn't happy to loose her dragons? 4 Minutes talk between Cersei and Tirion giving pretty much nothing to the plot progression or story? GRRM books have way more intersting things to boil this TV soup.
441	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-05-14	Man, that was a great episode.
442	aimlessgun	2012-05-14	Loved this EP, tied with EP3 for the best of the season IMO. 
To crosspost something I put in the TWOP thread:
The list o' awesome:
-Jon/Ygritte are hilarious. And wow Ygritte is attractive. Some credit to Jon for his awkward self control.
-Cersei/Tyrion made me tear up a little. I enjoy show Cersei a lot better than book Cersei at this point. The almost moment with Tyrion was powerful stuff. 
-Theon, Theon, Theon. It feels like after killing Rodrik he just went off the rails into "no more fucks given" mode. Then when he turned around and saw those bodies and realized what he'd ordered...god. Stomach punch. Also, Dagmar? In the running for the most evil fuck in Westeros. I didn't see it coming after he was so amiable and 'nice' to Theon in EP5.
-I think I can get behind the Qarth changes now. XXD's coup was shocking, and the image of the 11 warlock clones stepping forward and slitting the throats of the former rulers was chilling. 
-Quaithe, bamf. "Draw your sword. See what your steel is worth." The way she said it... definitely do not fuck with mask lady.
-Tywin and Arya continue to be great. Loved the dodge Arya tried to pull with proper/properly and Tywin's reaction. Also glad they're finally telling non-readers what the hell the Brotherhood without Banners is.
-Jaime is such a fascinating character. His interaction with his cousin, and then just coldly killing him...the switch he can pull from easy talk to sociopathic arrogance and disregard never ceases to amaze. He did it with Bran, he did it with Jory, and now poor Alton. 
-Can't get enough Jaime/Cat. I loled pretty hard at his comments to Brienne too. I CANNOT WAIT for more on this.
443	Shienberg	2012-05-14	why am I spoiled brat, I could post 10 things from this episode that make no sense, will make no sense or are just plain cliched and/or boringa. why would tywin trust Aryab. Why will the wildings accept Jonc. Why will the NW allow Jon back ind. how can 3 cat sized dragons do anythinge. why doesnt dany just buy a ship cause she only has like 20 people in her khal, why does she need a fleet of shipsf. why is someone going to Valeriag. did jon just turn his cloak without orders?  He is a deserter, and should have his heads cut offh. WHy does cersei hate her own son? and why will she care when tyrion kills him supposedlyi. Why did LF go to a Usurpers camp with the bones of ned stark?  did he somehow know cat was going to be there? if so how could he have know thatj. how did Theon lose Bran and hodor osha's trail?a. he doesn't trust her. he makes her taste his food. he just doesn't know who she is.b. because he will kill qhorin.c. because he will have turned his cloak under qhorin's orders.d. with fire.e. yup. 1 ship would do it. Jorah cam back from trying to find a ship.f. not going to valeria, passing near it.g. nope. he was captured.h. she stated very clearly that she loves her children. she has no choice.i. He was sent by tyrion to negotiate for the release of jaime. varys would know where Cat was.j. the dogs lost the scent.As to your initial question. See a through j.
444	rmholt	2012-05-14	I enjoy it because it is uncharacteristic. She is not his daughter, but Arya reminds him of her. Arya is intelligent, and an interesting  distraction for him. I can see this happening, under the right circumstances. He is involved in a war and he is excited and riding high. These conversations are stressless to him. They work.How do you love it? It is beyond uncharacteristic for Lord Tywin.I am LOVING the Tywin/Arya dynamic!!Kevan Lannister, or was it their sister does share that that Tywin DID smile with Cersei - just very few people saw this side of him. Marie
445	rmholt	2012-05-14	I don't know how Ramsy went to the iron islands and became first mate. And how is he the one insisting on iron price and stuff. I think that would be hard to explain if Dagmer is Ramsy. Also, Dagmer looks somewhat way too rational to be Ramsy.They made a movie out of Cross Creek and if I recall correctly Rip Torn played a composite of 3 characters.  A common technique.Tyrion told Cersei that she has beaten 50/50 odds with her children. But out of 3 children it cannot be established. Perhaps 4th one would be crazy. How could 50/50 come from Joff, M and Tommen? Joff crazy, M half-crazy, Tommen normal?She BEAT the odds. 2/3 > 1/2"Math class is tough" - Barbie
					
					
							Edited by rmholt, 14 May 2012 - 03:22 AM.
446	Ser Chuck	2012-05-14	While I really liked this episode, I had to warn my non-book friends that it's like 75-80% non-book if only because it was working on the new plots HBO installed. Here are my reader's thoughts in no particular order:
They got Theon's plot back on track by the end even without Ramsay and kept it vague while still making it clear to the observant viewer that it's the miller's sons who are dead. We still need Bran and Rickon to double back to the crypt and the Reeds to appear or else I fear their plot might be moving too fast.
The Arya-Tywin stuff has always been a brilliant addition and remains thus even if it "wastes time that should be devoted to the sacred texts" as some would say.
"Talissa" better be Jeyne Westerling or I'm going to get mildly annoyed, although I did love Lord Bolton's expressions as he walked away from her and Robb.
I'm glad they were willing to include Sansa's "flowering" freak out and felt the addition of Shae actually gave me my first ever reason to care about Shae at all in either version. The very idea that she could have actual sympathy for anyone is a real surprise.
As far as the gigantic departures:
I'm glad they have Dany on track to enter the House of the Undying (as I figured/hoped the dragon theft would be an excuse to send her there) but I still have no idea where in the seven hells they are going in an effort to make her story more exciting this season. I will try not mourn the loss of the "It is known!" cliche as long as we get to see her visions.
As far as Jon Snow, I really enjoyed his interactions with Ygritte but I am very concerned about his apparent capture by the wildlings. Why introduce the Halfhand if Jon doesn't join the wildlings on his command? And how can we accept Jon as a loyal man of the Night's Watch if he tries to return without that command? I can only assume that in the effort to establish Ygritte they decided to have his entire party be captured by the Lord of Bones, at which point Jon might initially refuse until he is thrown into captivity with Qhorin who then orders him to join them.
Regarding Jaime, I am now convinced that "Alton Lannister" was never Cleos Frey. However, if we are going to invent a random Lannister for Jaime to murder, no matter how distant the relative, is he not now an absolutely accursed kinslayer? It took a few books for me to become a Jaime fan despite all his crimes but I can't see him ever murdering a fellow Lannister. I also would have preferred for him to slay Karstark's sons in battle rather than murder just one by treachery but I am happy to get that plot at all. I'm sure plenty of viewers were confused enough by the Karstark name suddenly appearing without explanation. (though I appreciated the Sunburst on some cloaks) I had hoped that with the known casting of a Lord Karstark we might have seen more of him before this. There are so many random unimportant Lannisters to kill off that I will never understand why we need fake ones. At any rate, if Robb ends up beheading Karstark just for wanting Jaime dead, I'm going to have a really hard time rooting for him in futility and that can only get worse if "Talissa" isn't a Westerling.
In Conclusion:
As much as they departed from the books in this episode, I really appreciated how much they drew from the source material in telling the tale of Aegon's conquest of Harrenhall, the marital life of Robert and Cersei and the tale of Jaime squiring for Barristan Selmy in the fight with the Kingswood outlaws.
Forgot to add the best inclusion of a book scene:
"Brienne, your sword."
I was always hoping that would be an end of episode cliffhanger and it nearly was.
Also, Ygritte said "you know nothing, Jon Snow!" That alone deserves a celebration.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Chuck, 14 May 2012 - 04:01 AM.
447	Ser Chuck	2012-05-14	Tyrion told Cersei that she has beaten 50/50 odds with her children. But out of 3 children it cannot be established. Perhaps 4th one would be crazy. How could 50/50 come from Joff, M and Tommen? Joff crazy, M half-crazy, Tommen normal?Cersei's firstborn son was stillborn. That's from the books and we got it in season 1 when Cersei talks with Catelyn in Bran's room while he is still comatose.Also, Targaryens used to be far more numerous, the insane princes didn't all get to become insane kings.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Chuck, 14 May 2012 - 03:44 AM.
448	Jack's Smirking Revenge	2012-05-14	Some of the changes from the book are great.  I love Tywin and Arya together and their scenes have been my favorite of the series.  Ygritte is fucking amazing...she's an improvement from the books. However alot of the changes this season are driving me crazy.  For the life of me I cannot understand half of them, and most of them seem completely unecessary. 
So far I haven't liked this season that much.  Just way too many changes that weren't for the best IMO.
449	LostSoul	2012-05-14	I actually like the scene with Tywin and Arya. It also shows L.Tywins cunning and suspicious the way he catches Arya off guard with her knowledge in history of the Targariyans .  It shows he is willing to play any rules to catch his pray off guard.  I believe he has suspicions over the identity of Arya.  Was not overtly keen with Theon ending scene, as he shows the body of the two boys..where are their dire wolfs? surely that should have also been displayed to make it look more believable unless i missed it on screen?
450	Bayard	2012-05-14	After watching this episode and the preview for 18, I can safely say, they destroyed the best part of ACOK (for me), the Jon Snow story... alright, there will be a fight with Qhorin, I knew there would be... but that's not enough!! They completly took out warging, Ghost and the eagle, the hunt of the NW men, of course, the discussion between Jon and Qhorin.... what is the point?? why would the wildlings want to keep Jon alive?? in the books it was the direwolf that got their attention.... Now what? just because he is the son of a Stark?? that would be a good reason to just kill him, not keep him around. Maybe things will look better when all of this sink in, but how could anyone believe that Jon would defeat alone the greatest swordsman in the NW?? /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
Oh, I forgot, so Tywin suspected all along that Arya is highborn (nice introduction of the m'lord/my lord thing), but how in hell would he have let her still work in the kitchens??? That makes no sens, I am sure this is the same for non book readers. She would make a perfect hostage, a little torture/pressure, whatever and she would confess who she was. Ok Arya had an explanation, a good one I thought, but before that Tywin had an oppinion, and he didn't act on it??? What is going on with the script???
PS: I guess no chain, bummer
					
					
							Edited by Bayard, 14 May 2012 - 04:17 AM.
451	Zod	2012-05-14	im still wrapping my head around jaime killing this relative.....it is just so out of character for him /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> He tried to kill Bran Stark, but failed.The boy was only 10, even younger in the books. Jaime is heartless to strangers if he can save his own hide (<--- see the lion reference there?).
452	Zod	2012-05-14	I really like the changes to the Qarth storyline; this makes waaaay more sense than what happened in the books. I never understood why nobody ever moved against her in the books; as weak as her khalasar was, somebody should have moved against her while they could, and either captured or killed her dragons.I'm waiting to judge the Jon's storyline. While I love this Ygritte more than the books, but the way it's playing out is just dumb. Why would Qhorin be so stupid as to leave Jon snow behind like that? The only thing I could come up with was that he expected Jon to screw up because he's a Stark, and planned for him to be captured so they could ambush Rattleshirt and interrogate him for intel.The music in the last scene was completely inappropriate to the close. They overdid it, and it seemed pretty obvious that it's not Bran & Rickon just based on the rules of TV Drama. I suppose that's inevitible, though.One thing I didn't like was Shae pulling a knife on the handmaiden; that's just dumb.I also don't like Jaime killing Cleos Alton. That seems way out of character, even for him. Out of character? Think again, back to his attempted murder of Bran - a young boy.
453	Catastrophe	2012-05-14	In a lot of ways, I almost felt like this episode was specifically designed to shock people who read the books. There were at least three occasions where I sat back in total surprise.I liked the Qarth changes a lot. Dany's time in Qarth was rather boring in the books, so I'm glad they're actually having things happen there in the TV show. Xaro and Pyat Pree's coup was believable, and it establishes them as serious and credible threats for Dany. I'm really looking forward to seeing the House of the Undying next episode.I also like the dynamic between Tywin and Arya, it's absolutely brilliant character interaction. I don't think it's as out-of-character for Tywin as people think. He's in private with a lowly serving girl, it makes sense he'd let his guard down a little bit. I can definitely see how Arya would remind him of Cersei too. I don't think these scenes make Tywin look weak either, he's always made it very clear to Arya that he's her master. He's a master who can be kind to his servants when they serve him well, but he's still careful to make sure they don't get too comfortable around him. In my opinion this is completely consistent with the way Tywin was portrayed in the books.What happened with Jaime, on the other hand... I have very mixed feelings about it. On the one hand, it was incredibly well-done. I was suckered right along with Alton into thinking that Jaime was a decent guy trying to be friendly. I felt like I'd been punched in the gut when the poor sap got murdered, which is a lot more than I felt when Cleos Frey died in the books. I can see why Nikolaj Coster-Waldau said it was the best scene he'd ever done, and I'm inclined to agree with him. In terms of writing, acting, and directing, it was a superb scene.My problem with the scene is that it effectively makes it impossible for Jaime to have a convincing redemption arc, as he does in the books. This version of Jaime is a cold-blooded sociopath. He's about as close to irredeemable as you can get. Unless they completely change around his role later in the series, I don't see how this characterization could possibly work in the long run.Also, they had Jaime kill Karstark's son during his escape, rather than on the battlefield. It makes sense for a TV show, since it'd be hard to build a plot around something that happened off-camera last season, but it makes Karstark's attitude seem a lot more sympathetic and reasonable. (I know Jaime killed some Riverrun guards in the books too, but that was never why Karstark hated him.) I'm also baffled by their choice to have Catelyn free Jaime before she finds out about Bran and Rickon's "deaths," that was the one mitigating factor that made her decision understandable. The way the show's portrayed things, I'd be on Karstark's side.
					
					
							Edited by Catastrophe, 14 May 2012 - 04:35 AM.
454	Isy	2012-05-14	fascinating episode. Lots of juicy backstory, memorable scenes and interesting changes from the book:Winterfell: Nice to see Rickon speaking, and cute little scene of the foursome on the lamb! The unhinged Theon is a delight to watch - at this stage Alfie Allen has mastered the flipping between utter disgust at himself, to taking pleasure from his sick actions. I didnt get why Theon's 2nd in command called Theon over to look at walnuts!?! Why would that mean anything. Otherwise all the Winterfell scenes were done well. I noticed one or two people asking "didn't they go straight to the crypts" but I thought they went into the woods then circled back? Maester Luwin's AND Theons' reactions at the end were well played - but will watch this with my fiance later to judge whether non-book-readers can guess it isn't Bran and Rickon.King's Landing: Sansa is an absolute triumph - the actress is playing her part so perfectly. The horror at her "blossoming" was pitched well, and go Shae - I know she is an unpopular character, but this one scene brought did her well. I cannot believe we've not had a single Shae/Tyrion scene since what, Episode 2? Seems too long!I really enjoyed the interactions between the Hound and Sansa. Tyrion's chain is still not mentioned - hopefuly next week? Cersei and Sansa's scene was great. Wasnt so keen on the Tyrion and Cersei scene as I felt Cersei was giving too much away and that felt out of character to let her guard down with him - but their dialouge was still fab.Quarth: Where is Doreah? From future scenes from the book, she is going to need a handmaiden still, just so HBO can have more gratutious scenes. I haven't read enough of the comments here (yet) to gauge whether the changes are seen as popular: but I really like them. Dany has been played for a fool by Xaro, the killing of the 11 of the 13 was sinister and well-shot, and the drama has been sufficiently heightened. As with the books I am a big fan of Quaithe - but I wish she was having mysterious scenes with Dany, as opposed to the more "normalising" scenes with Jorah.Harrenhal: The opening shot was fab - finally showing what you feel from the books: Harrenhal is a big desolate and depressing castle full of fear. I am SO glad we get these Arya/Tywin scenes - I like that we see some vulnerability and we get an idea of his feelings on this war. The good parts of this dialouge involved Arya's contribution to the Aegon/dragon's tale. Also liked that Tywin caught Arya's poshness, he is clearing sussing her out - and i LOVED that he drew parallels to her and Cersei as that is how I have been justifying him putting up with Arya and enjoying his time with her. I am also glad he told her to watch her tounge! Please Arya was considering how she could kill Tywin and also that Tywin has Arya pretty sussed out.The North: You know nothing Jon Snow - YES YES YES! Line delivered perfectly. I saw a few people bemoaning Ygritte grinding Jon last week - but this was all part of the book, that she fancied him and wanted to get in his pants, and wind him up about his lack of sexual knowhow. This episode continued that and also gave us some of the best dialouge and understanding of the Wildings v Crows story. Was gripping. I wasn't so keen on the final scene where Jon gets taken captive, as I wanted the scenes from the book where he interacted much more with Quorin Halfhand - I pray this still comes.Riverlands: "In your later years you're more She-wolf, there is barely any fish left in you!" -- what a line. Caitlin was perfect in this episode (the actress does so well with her), and the ruthlessness of Jamie at this point is so well done. That last scene involving Jamie, Cat and Brienne - although set in a different location to where we see it in books, where I think Jamie was also drunk - was so frickin good. Jamie's side remarks about Brienne, his mocking over Ned/Jon... oooh cannot wait for more!All in all, I thought the episode was my favourite so far this season. We spent good time with each set of characters and were permitted good doses of dialoiuge that explained or questions motivations (Jon/Ygritte, Cat/Jamie, Sansa/Cersei) - but I do think we could do with certain threads being brought out again:- Where is Stannis and Davos? It has been too long since we've seen them - even a simple scene in the last episodes to show they are en route would've been good.- All seems too relaxed in King's Landing; Cersei seems oblivious to the danger they face, Tywin is still in Harrenhal and not fussed and Tyrion is just pouring over a letter.- Tyrion and Shae need some interaction - I think of her as Sansa's maid now, and barely remember she has anything to do with Tyrion.- I will be miffed if Quorin and Jon don't have more time together - I always saw him as a strong influence on Jon in the books.- It is time for Twyin to leave Harrenhal to put Arya in a more dire situation; as his servant she hasn't been giving us eyes on the horrendous situation in Harrenhal (beyond when she first arrived) - she seems too comfortable there right now.
455	Stannis' sense of humour	2012-05-14	Gods help you HBO.  Now you are truly lost.Jesus, what a bunch of crying babies we have here.
456	Morrigan	2012-05-14	Cersei's firstborn son was stillborn. That's from the booksNegative. Her firstborn is Joffrey. She got pregnant by Robert but aborted it with Jaime's help and Robert never knew.
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 14 May 2012 - 05:07 AM.
457	Stannis' sense of humour	2012-05-14	The way the show's portrayed things, I'd be on Karstark's side.I was on his side in the books. As said a million times in this thread, if Jaime dies they'd kill Sansa (and Arya... ) so it gives here a motherly reason for doing it.
458	Morrigan	2012-05-14	New Mountain still disappoints me. Comes off as your average Lannister guard.I don't get these complaints. He was huge, had a big dark beard, and a super deep gravelly voice. He was very convincing as the Mountain to me. Why are people bitching?Book purists need to understand this isnt the books. It the show.Are people really going to blow a casket every time there's a deviation from the books?It's called an adaptation. Learn what that means, please.OMG will you people shut up already? I guess not, but damn this is irritating. As if every goddamn criticism of the series was a stupid nitpick or unreasonable. As if people didn't grasp that it's an adaptation. As if an adaptation was synonym with "making shit up as we go along". As it "adaptation" was the magic seal against any form of criticism, no matter how badly written a scene may be. Ugh.And you know what? I've been accused of being a purist... and yet I liked this episode. I give it a solid 8. Weird huh? Dany's story is the only thing I didn't like, because it's just complete nonsense and gratuitous. I pretty much loved the rest though... changes and all (zomg). Because guess what, I like good TV and I don't like bad TV. It's not that hard to grasp.I'm really surprised that they chose to have Sansa's flowering scene - particularly because she's supposed to be a lot older than she is from the books. Are they counting on viewers to be completely ignorant to women's reproduction cycles?You sure sound ignorant yourself. Sophie Turner is 16, and she's playing Sansa who is 13-14 in the TV series. A perfectly reasonable age for a first period. Even having it at 16 is hardly unheard of, though a bit rarer. She's a young maid, not a young adult, sheesh.
459	Chronicler	2012-05-14	I kind of hated the scene with Arya and Tywin
Arya says "my lord"
Tywin says "noble girls says "milord" not "my lord"
then Arya says bla bla taught to speak properly "my lord"
Shouldn't Tywin have been supposed to say "noble girls say my lord not "milord" >_>
mistakes!
					
					
							Edited by Chronicler, 14 May 2012 - 05:15 AM.
460	Morrigan	2012-05-14	Oh yeah, I want to talk about a scene that really grabbed me. I don't care for TV-Quaithe's goofy mask much, or that she's just involved with Jorah instead of Dany (and, uh, painting people strangely...), but when she asked Jorah if he would betray her again, Iain Glen's face then was just... OMG. Heartbreaking. I just wanted to hug him right there and tell him everything was ok. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> The actor is really good, you could tell he's madly in love with Dany. Poor, poor Jorah, it's just so sad when you know what will happen. Ah, that face...
461	Morrigan	2012-05-14	I kind of hated the scene with Arya and TywinArya says "my lord"Tywin says "noble girls says "milord" not "my lord"then Arya says bla bla taught to speak properly "my lord"Shouldn't Tywin have been supposed to say "noble girls say my lord not "milord" >_>mistakes!I think he said "lowborn girls" not "noble girls".
462	Ser Johan of Pennybridge	2012-05-14	OMG will you people shut up already? I guess not, but damn this is irritating. As if every goddamn criticism of the series was a stupid nitpick or unreasonable. As if people didn't grasp that it's an adaptation. As if an adaptation was synonym with "making shit up as we go along". As it "adaptation" was the magic seal against any form of criticism, no matter how badly written a scene may be. Ugh.And you know what? I've been accused of being a purist... and yet I liked this episode. I give it a solid 8. Weird huh? Dany's story is the only thing I didn't like, because it's just complete nonsense and gratuitous. I pretty much loved the rest though... changes and all (zomg). Because guess what, I like good TV and I don't like bad TV. It's not that hard to grasp.Hear, hear! People should be allowed to criticize the show just as much as people should be allowed to praise it.
463	White Harbors Wrath	2012-05-14	Cat is about to hold Brienne's sword to his chest and make him do quite a bit of vowing. I won't say anymore...I don't see the Jaime from that episode caring enough about anything to do any vowing. It almost would make sense that she takes the hand at this point to impress things on him. Where the hell are they going to fit Vargo in at this point...storylines and characters are dropping like flies.
464	Arkash	2012-05-14	My main complaints here is for Jon....... man, he HAS TO be given the order by Qhorin to join them... and it seems they are going to skip this, that is the first real change I'm not fond of !
465	Sun	2012-05-14	I loved the episode. I loved the changes, even the changes to Jamie, which though painful for me as a Kingslayer fangirl, I found dramatically justified, especially in relation to future Jamie. 
I really don't have much to say about "A Man Without Honor" except to say that "Baelor" was surpassed tonight, imo. 
David Nutter is a keeper. Brilliant director!
466	Little Miss Sunshine	2012-05-14	Good points:- Catelyn's exchange with Karstark. Also her scene with Jaime near the end - and people had doubts about Michelle Fairley!!! That is some great acting right there, she is Catelyn.- Theon presenting the corpses - even if it's a bit derailed from the books, it just instigated a huge wave of hate inside me (which is precisely what the scene is about). The soundtrack complimented it very well. Also, props to Donald Sumpter in his portrayal of Maester Luwin /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />- Sansa's scenes - very well handled /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Bad points:-Bran&co merrily walking around - why oh gods why??? They'd be caught in a split second.Also, unless there's an unexpected turn of events, I really think they're setting up Dagmer and Ramsey to be one and the same person....
467	BlackTalon	2012-05-14	I am generally not a fan of any changes and quite a "purist", but liked this episode MUCH more than the last one. No plainly stupid careless scenes like Lorch with the wrong letter and dropping dead at TywinÂ´s feet.
I have no problem with Tywin and Arya, Tywin is not cruel and haughty without a good reason, I find it absolutely believable he would let his guard down as has already been stated. Remember we never got a Tywin POV in the books, and how peoples perception of Jaime changed when we got his POV.
Once I got over the "running away" bit, which is still silly though, I also liked Jon and Ygritte. very funny banter. I laughed until I cried when she mimicked Jon "I thought he was done and then he said turn back around." Also, Leslie really made her you know nothing line work, much better than I had been expecting.
Dany ... weÂ´ll have to see where the show is going with that, for now I am giving it the benefit of the doubt.
Overall the episode was a bit heavy on talk, teh Jaime and Alton scene really dragged.
Still, I give the episode a good seven, plus one extra point for three episodes without gratuitous explicit sex scenes, so itÂ´s 8/10.
468	White Harbors Wrath	2012-05-14	fascinating episode. Lots of juicy backstory, memorable scenes and interesting changes from the book:Winterfell: Nice to see Rickon speaking, and cute little scene of the foursome on the lamb! The unhinged Theon is a delight to watch - at this stage Alfie Allen has mastered the flipping between utter disgust at himself, to taking pleasure from his sick actions. I didnt get why Theon's 2nd in command called Theon over to look at walnuts!?! Why would that mean anything.Because Rickon has been crushing walnuts all season and Osha specifically talked about Rickon eating them "Rickon can't survive on walnuts"..."I'm fine!" or something of that nature during their lamb scene. Not sure how much more time we could have spent on walnuts this season to give that scene more meaning lol.
469	Mulled Wino	2012-05-14	Lol at jamie lannister fans defending his character.
Very solid episode except them making jon snow a bumbling fool again for the 7th straight episode. 
Ygritte is KILLING it.
470	White Harbors Wrath	2012-05-14	...and the Dagmer/Ramsay thing...cripes already. Ramsay/Boltons capture/sack Winterfell and take Theon hostage...we don't need to see an actual Ramsay, next season they can cast him and we learn he's been torturing Theon. I just explained the whole plot twist in one sentence so I'm sure the writers can do much better w/o having to turn Ramsay into some super spy who infiltrated the Iron Born at an early age just to take Winterfell in case there was a war where Ned Starks head was taken and the Iron Born had a window to take Winterfell w/ the newly returned prince Theon who they just assumed would be a weak minded, easily influenced pawn to Bolton schemes.
How could that ever make sense?
471	Stannis' sense of humour	2012-05-14	Lol at jamie lannister fans defending his character.Very solid episode except them making jon snow a bumbling fool again for the 7th straight episode.Ygritte is KILLING it.Jon is a bumbling fool, have you read Dance with Dragons??
472	ipsuel	2012-05-14	I get its an adaptation, and based solely on 1 hour of entertainment value, I say it's about an 8-9.Some departures from the book I am *loving* -- for instance, the Tywin/Arya combo (I really do love these 2 together). Some departures I can't stand (Jaime killing the Lanister? Uh... No way). And if Qhorin doesn't give Jon the order, I'll throw my TV thru the window, but I think he IS going to give the order, just under different circumstances. So I think Jon's storyline is safe. (As far as Jaime's, tonight changed the whole character imo--family means something to Jaime, but it sure as hell didn't translate to screen).However, here is what I want to know: All the things they are skipping, it makes me wonder if those elements will not be important in the series, and they know that. For instance: The boys hiding in the Winterfell crypts (and removing the swords), Jon's connection with Ghost, Jaime's redemption, etc.In other words, are we finding out now that certain things I thought would be important in Books 6/7 are just throw-away details? I mean, I like the show, but compared to the books, it's just "eh" for me. Worth an hour of my time for sure, best show on TV for sure and I hope it's renewed for all 7-8 seasons--but I kinda feel like some things from future books are being spoiled by the way they are playing out the show.ETA: I love Ygritte, too! The TV show improved my thoughts on her :-)
					
					
							Edited by ipsuel, 14 May 2012 - 06:00 AM.
473	Nuttz	2012-05-14	Not sure if anyone has mentioned this yet, but I loved the subtle hint an Tywin sill being a ruthless bastard. He didn't feed Arya to be nice, it's because he thought the food may have been poisoned. He had just got through saying that someonoe was trying to kill him, had a suspicious glance at Arya, then made her eat the food she just brought him. I loved it.
Although I do think the Bran + Rickon storyline was handled quite poorly from a writing/directing standpoint. It was glaringly obvious that the bodies weren't thiers,
					
					
							Edited by Nuttz, 14 May 2012 - 06:07 AM.
474	Chronicler	2012-05-14	I think he said "lowborn girls" not "noble girls".I think you are quite right.Serves me right for using bad subtitles and not bothering to listen properly =P
475	Chronicler	2012-05-14	Not sure if anyone has mentioned this yet, but I loved the subtle hint an Tywin sill being a ruthless bastard. He didn't feed Arya to be nice, it's because he thought the food may have been poisoned. He had just got through saying that someonoe was trying to kill him, had a suspicious glance at Arya, then made her eat the food she just brought him. I loved it.Yep, and then he drove her out =P
476	ipsuel	2012-05-14	Not sure if anyone has mentioned this yet, but I loved the subtle hint an Tywin sill being a ruthless bastard. He didn't feed Arya to be nice, it's because he thought the food may have been poisoned. He had just got through saying that someonoe was trying to kill him, had a suspicious glance at Arya, then made her eat the food she just brought him. I loved it.Although I do think the Bran + Rickon storyline was handled quite poorly from a writing/directing standpoint. It was glaringly obvious that the bodies weren't thiers,Hmmm really? I didn't take it that way at all. I get the vibe he actually really likes/respects Arya (well as much as he can respect a little girl cup-bearer anyway). I'll have to rewind but I really didn't get that.
477	Thunderfist	2012-05-14	- Edit: wrong thread -
					
					
							Edited by Thunderfist, 14 May 2012 - 06:15 AM.
478	Isy	2012-05-14	I was a little surprised that They showed Catelyn about to free Jaime before she 'finds out' about Bran and Rickon being killed by Theon. WOuld have made her decision as a desperate and depressed mother that much more powerful.I think they showed that she had to move fast before he was killed and she lost the hostage that could allow her to get her girls back.Very excited to hear the Mountain mention the BwB.!"Oh yes, almost forgot that! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Jamie finally gets something to do! As does Rickon. I wonder if the two actors practiced lines together to make sure their performances in this episode were extra special.LOL! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Because Rickon has been crushing walnuts all season and Osha specifically talked about Rickon eating them "Rickon can't survive on walnuts"..."I'm fine!" or something of that nature during their lamb scene. Not sure how much more time we could have spent on walnuts this season to give that scene more meaning lol.Yes, I get that! But I didn't really get why Dagmer finding some crushed walnut would make him and Theon immediately think of Rickon! It is not as if the family on that farm could not have eaten walnuts. Just seemed such a weird thing to connect Rickon and Bran to that location.Not sure if anyone has mentioned this yet, but I loved the subtle hint an Tywin sill being a ruthless bastard. He didn't feed Arya to be nice, it's because he thought the food may have been poisoned. He had just got through saying that someonoe was trying to kill him, had a suspicious glance at Arya, then made her eat the food she just brought him. I loved it.Yeah I did get that impression too! I can envisage a scene when Tywin leaves Harrenhal where he gives Arya a cold look as he leaves, showing that as much as they might've enjoyed a chat or three, he doesn't give a crap about her.
479	JW.	2012-05-14	Is it just me, or might Talisa be Jeyne Westerling after all? The Crag mention, and her being all happy about going there together with Robb.
480	Nuttz	2012-05-14	Yes, I get that! But I didn't really get why Dagmer finding some crushed walnut would make him and Theon immediately think of Rickon! It is not as if the family on that farm could not have eaten walnuts. Just seemed such a weird thing to connect Rickon and Bran to that location.Well there was the part in the earlier episode where Rickon was crushing the walnuts with that rocks. Theon never saw this, but maybe it was a common thing for Rickon to do? At least in the show-canon.
481	Arataniello	2012-05-14	Just - not good.  Way too many changes being made to the storyline as the writers/producers try to balance out screen-time for all characters, and give all of them something to do, while at the same time shoe-horning everything into ten episodes.
The first thing that came to mind in the Qarth murder scene was - "they have pre-empted the Red Wedding", swiflty followed by "they have jumped the shark".  XXD as king of Qarth, working with Pyat Pree?  No thank you.  There was nothing wrong with how Qarth situation was pictured in the books, and handled by good directors and writers it could have been transferred to the screen without such drastic changes.
Tywin and Arya were a good screen couple the first couple of times on-screen, but it's getting repetitive, and is making Tywin less of an impressive character.
Jon and Ygritte wandering all over the place for the sake of some nice scenery and endless childish sex talk.  Meaningless filler.  And Ghost has conveniently disappeared.
I have more or less given up on this season.  Blackwater may be good, and Bran and Rickon leaving Winterfell.  Otherwise, all I can hope is that the adaptation of SoS benefits from being split over twenty episodes.
482	BlackTalon	2012-05-14	Is it just me, or might Talisa be Jeyne Westerling after all? The Crag mention, and her being all happy about going there together with Robb.I am beginning to think so ... but wouldnÂ´t Robb have noticed different accents, the Common Tongue with a High Valyrian accent is likely abit different than a Westerlands accent.Also, how likely is it that she as the daughter of  a noble house would be allowed to walk around all alone, unattended, without guards, in the middle of an enemy camp right during a war??? It is unthinkable.We know that local dialects vary strongly because Pyp can tell where a man comes from just from listening to him.but maybe the scriptwriters just didnÂ´t account for that, wouldnÂ´t exactly be the first time.
					
					
							Edited by BlackTalon, 14 May 2012 - 06:28 AM.
483	aswethinkweis	2012-05-14	Why do people act like they know what Tywin was like behind closed doors. There is no Tywin POV. So, to sit here and say " this is totally not how he would act" is completely off base. All we know of Tywin is from other characters POV. The way he is treating Arya is how I imagined he would treat Cersei for years after I read her POV chapters.And on the topic of Cersei, I'm pretty sure she isn't batshit crazy in the books till after Joffs death. Still a cold bitch, but not nuts. And her weeping for Joff being nuts isn't really too out of character. Do you not remember then scene when Tywin rips Tyrion a new arse. Hes a dick.. you have a higher crazy tolerance than I
484	Maia	2012-05-14	im still wrapping my head around jaime killing this relative.....it is just so out of character for him /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Well, it is not completely out of character. Tyrion did think in ACoK that Jaime was quite likely to kill Lancel if he found out that Cersei was  sleeping with her cousin. Nor did Jaime  care for or mourn Ser Cleos Frey, whom Alton replaced.And unlike in the books, they didn't actually depict kinslaying as particularly damning in Westerosi culture in the show so far.But it makes zero sense for Jaime to have to actually kill Alton in order to lure the guard in. After those touching reminiscences, no less, to make it even more dastardly.  Mere altercation/pretense should have served much better.It is also a pity that we weren't shown Jaime laying about him with the sword and killing lots of people before he was overpowered. Room for demonstrating his supreme skill as a warrior is quickly running out.Re: Tywin and Arya, now that he has figured out that she is highborn, it will be a bit unbelievable for him to leave her behind in Harrenhal.  Also, who could he think she was? A young northern noble, somehow caught in the Riverlands when the war broke out? There can't be many possibilities. Re: warlocks of Qarth, didn't they want to use Dany's fiery life-force to fuel their magics/immortality in ACoK? That "be with her babies forever" seems to include the dragons in their scheme and spells their intentions much more clearly. I like it.  Dany being used as a pawn by Daxos in his power-play was well-done IMHO.
485	JW.	2012-05-14	I am beginning to think so ... but wouldnÂ´t Robb have noticed different accents, the Common Tongue with a High Valyrian accent is likely abit different than a Westerlands accent.Also, how likely is it that she as the daughter of  a noble house would be allowed to walk around all alone, unattended, without guards, in the middle of an enemy camp right during a war??? It is unthinkable.We know that local dialects vary strongly because Pyp can tell where a man comes from just from listening to him.but maybe the scriptwriters just didnÂ´t account for that, wouldnÂ´t exactly be the first time.I'm not so sure on that. Besides, as some of the conspiracy theorists have argued on these boards.. Lady Westerling might even have send her out there on purpose to get in contact with Robb. The accents thing might come into play, but i can't say it really sounds all that different from the rest of the Westerlands characters.Hopefully we will see some of the Crag next episode, and things will be explained. Didn't HBO officially announce at first that Chaplin was playing a certain Jeyne?
486	legba11	2012-05-14	Book Jaime didn't care about Cersei's kids, just her. What about his "chastisement" of Ned by killing Jory and the other Northmen? Who did that serve?Thus I called them her kids.  He loves her and she loves them, thus he must protect them.  I do think book Jaime has a few minor yearnings to be their dad in the books, though all may be said to Cersei, so he could be saying it for her benefit. In any case, that is a reason to kill Bran.  They are dead if he leaves that tower.  No if, no ands, no buts.  Dead.Ned/Jory and co. were soldiers.  The Starks kidnapped Tyrion (who Jaime also loves), and he is angry so he attacks them.  No one accused him of being cold and calculating all the time.  Killing enemy soldiers who attacked your family is not unreasonable (by Westeros standards).  The same thing with Brienne, she is an enemy soldier, she is fair game.  He is respecting her as a soldier (and not some joke girl in armor like most of the men do) by plotting to kill her in order to escape. Oddly, those thoughts raise him in my book.If they had built the scene that Jaime needed to escape to protect Joffery and Kings Landing, i would have accepted it.  They made a point to make that whole scene about how Jaime does not like being prisoner.  That's it.  That's why you must die, cousin.  (Note I have no problem with him killing Karstark, he is an enemy in war and fair game)  Because Rickon has been crushing walnuts all season and Osha specifically talked about Rickon eating them "Rickon can't survive on walnuts"..."I'm fine!" or something of that nature during their lamb scene. Not sure how much more time we could have spent on walnuts this season to give that scene more meaning lol.And how does this relate to Theon and Dagmer?  Maybe they showed them finding some walnut shells on the trail, and cut it.  It's extra weird, considering what he calls Theon over there to discuss.  "Here is evidence the boys were here, but F that, lets just kill this family and pretend their boys are Bran and Rickon."  If those were evidence of the boys, they should have upped their search.  If they weren't, it makes no sense at all.I expect the 4 of them are back in the crypts already,   They were showing walking by a stream, because they knew they were hours ahead of their pursuers.  Osha said as much.  Did people expect to see them creeping from tree to tree like a cartoon?  We never saw them after they came to the miller's house.  I think the 4 of them hiding in the crypts while Winterfell burns down (next episode?  It's a good end point for it) is too good of a scene to skip.Side note:  when I am teasing the Purists, I am having a bit of fun with you.  I am always amused by fans of source material complaining about changes in adaptations.  I don't understand why the people who hate the show continue to watch it, but that's not for me to choose what they do.  As for complaining about the show, no worries here, I've had plenty for the 17 of these threads we've made so far...
487	ipsuel	2012-05-14	<snip>Hopefully we will see some of the Crag next episode, and things will be explained. Didn't HBO officially announce at first that Chaplin was playing a certain Jeyne?yep... i was gonna say that but thought it best not to spoil for those who didn't know... but yeah, i think she was hired to play jeyne and it was pretty publicly announced.
488	legba11	2012-05-14	I forgot to say, of course she's Jeyne.  Other than wearing a "Hi my name is..." tag with Jeyne scribbled out on it, I don't think this could be more clear.  Now, maybe they are changing her name or maybe she is "In Burrito", but she is filling the role of Jeyne.  I'm not sure what folks see in her...
"Milady (I'm highborn), you are about to destroy an army and kill your future husband, why the long face?"
489	Maia	2012-05-14	We know that local dialects vary strongly because Pyp can tell where a man comes from just from listening to him.We know no such thing. Pyp is presented as something of a prodigy because of this ability, but nobody recognized Arya's northern accent during her interminable travels through the Riverlands - not even the other Northmen! Not even Bolton himself. Ditto with Sansa in the Vale.  I always felt that it was a big oversight in the books.They clearly compressed Jeyne's family tree. In the show it is likely her mother and not her grandmother, who was a foreigner and maegi. Talise/Jeyne was probably mimicking her accent and learned the healing skills from her. Also, it seems to me that she was indeed spying for Tywin (again serving as an amalgam of her various relatives in the books), but is going to get a change of heart.
490	Spidey	2012-05-14	How do you love it? It is beyond uncharacteristic for Lord Tywin.No it's not. Arya encorporates everything that made House Lannister one of the great houses of Westeros. It is absolutely believable that Tywin would respect her and enjoy conversations with her. And yet he still has no qualms about her dying, which is why he let her taste his food.And then he goes burning villages down because one of his men was assassinated.This IS Tywin Lannister in his truest form.I loved this ep. Especially all that background info. Harrenhal, Aegon's sisters, "Dark Sister", the nature of Targaeryan madness, Jaime's days as a squire, Valyria being a death zone.It felt soo much like actually reading the books.They also went and made the Qarth plot awesome. It wasn't in the books.Ygritte is a fucking riot. There's literally nothing in this episode that i didn't like.As for Bran and Rickon's wherabouts, I think they're already in the crypts. In their scene, Osha made it quite clear, that continuing to run would be pointless.So, I guess that's when they decided to  go back and hide.
					
					
							Edited by Spidey, 14 May 2012 - 07:05 AM.
491	Sworn Shield	2012-05-14	No man is more accursed than a kin slayer, in the eyes of Gods and man.
492	sharkhawk	2012-05-14	Jaime killing Alton is NO problem with me. Don't you guys remember all the times Jaime talked about killing Brienne in his mind to escape? So why wouldn't he kill Alton to escape.Yes, the whole cousin who looked up to him made it more brutal than usual, but don't act like its a HUGE deviation from his character.And the whole cousin/kinslayer thing is being way overplayed.  He is just a lannister of Lannisport, not of the rock.  If Jamie is a Kinslayer for killing him, then Robb Stark was a kinslayer in the books for killing Karstark.  I think the kinslayer riff is for more immediate family.
493	White Harbors Wrath	2012-05-14	And how does this relate to Theon and Dagmer?  Maybe they showed them finding some walnut shells on the trail, and cut it.  It's extra weird, considering what he calls Theon over there to discuss.  "Here is evidence the boys were here, but F that, lets just kill this family and pretend their boys are Bran and Rickon."  If those were evidence of the boys, they should have upped their search.  If they weren't, it makes no sense at all.of all the loose plotlines, dropped balls and missing elements...are we really gravitating around Rickons nuts? They were looking for the kids. Rickon has been shown several times eating walnuts, there has been talk of Rickon eating walnuts, they lost the trail and then found walnuts...they have to attempt to show that the trail has been picked up again. That's it, it's not anything more complicated than that.it's not supposed to make sense...they needed a quick 2 second plot device...they dont have time for anything else since the show is literally bursting at the seams right now with storylines they cant keep up with in 10 episodes.While there is a possible return to the crypts I doubt they even have time for that at this point. Blackwater is 2 episodes away and we're going to have to add Stannis in next week on top of everything else to lead into that. I'd bet we dont even see the boys until episode 10. There just simply is not enough time to fit all this stuff in.
					
					
							Edited by White Harbors Wrath, 14 May 2012 - 07:14 AM.
494	Thorny Issues	2012-05-14	[...]they dont have time for anything else since the show is literally bursting at the seams right now with storylines they cant keep up with in 10 episodes.figuratively/Stannis mode...sorry, I couldn't resist. Forgive me
495	White Raven	2012-05-14	So Dany said they couldn't find Doreah. Does that mean Doreah betrayed her and took the dragons because she could touch them without being bitten or roasted?
496	Greywolf2375	2012-05-14	Need to see this again, but a lot of it was slow.
Jaime/Catelyn - Fairley played her part well, but Waldau KILLED his "vow" dialogue.  I didn't like him killing his cousin because it just seemed unnecessary for his plan.  This is the Kingslayer, most feared knight around...and he's not being watched to the point that he can beat someone to death and no one notices?  Have Alton fake...anything...and it gets there more reasonably.
Theon - Allen is also nailing his part, thought they did that whole scene well.  Going to be interesting to see how the dogs lost the trail since they were, what, 200 yards from the farm and obviously had a trail up to there.
Tywin/Arya - the scene was great, they are just amazing playing against each other.  Unfortunately for me, it reinforces a plot hole they wrote themselves into.  Arya looking at his neck with the knife - so we know she believes he is a target.  Why didn't she have Jaqen kill him before?
Jon/Ygritte - their acting is fine, I just happen to believe about 15 minutes of screen time was wasted on snow, walking and blue balls.
Dany/Qarth - Interesting...even though he has only been on screen for like 30 seconds, Jorah still rocks.each scene.  Not sure how I feel about the PP/XXD - I guess the biggest thing for me out of it is why - why would XXD want to do that?
497	legba11	2012-05-14	So they picked up the trail and then at that moment, they decide it's time to give up, and just kill a few random folks and pretend they killed the kids?  That makes no sense at all.  
Next episode is The Prince of Winterfell, there is plenty of time for a 2 minutes scene with the four of them in the crypts between when Yara arrives, mocks Theon and then Ramsey arrives and burns the place to the ground.  It gives them a 2 week Clffhanger until we see the four of them walking out of the ruins in Ep 10.
498	Mercurial	2012-05-14	This is just my opinion, and its been a while since I've read book two, but I found myself thinking two things throughout the episode... the first was - wow, was ANYTHING from the book actually in this episode? In the first book the liberties were few and for the most part good decisions to further the story in the truncated form they had to, but now I'm watching it and its almost like fan fic to me its so different. Its not the cutting of huge subplots (why waste time introducing Florian is you have no intention of using him?), but the active adding in new ones as well.
The second - and this is personal opinion, of course - is it seems that the further and further away they get from the source material, the more forced and even at times awkward it feels. The way they changed the nature of Jamie's escape, in my opinion, changed fundamental aspects of the character. Ygritte's relentless 'flirtations' with John came off as juvenile and forced to me. For Tyrion and Cersi to go from vile threats to heartfelt one-to-one's seemed off. All Dany is at this point is begging and whining by turns. The first season was so incredibly good, but I've been uninspired by recent episodes, perhaps because they raised the bar so high to begin.
I don't doubt that Martin is being consulted a great deal and I expected and therefor have a great deal of patince for the liscence they need to be able to get where they want to get in the time allowed... but moments like Jamie's conversation with his cousin, great as it was, seemed to be a huge chunk of time that could have been better used introducing Tyrion's chain, referencing the wildfire that would be so crucial to the finale or otherwise advancing the story along the lines of the book itself. Ditto the interaction between Arya and Tywin which I also think is superbly done... that is a LOT of time spent in one episode which does almost nothing to further the story while so many other seemingly crucial aspects are being cut.
Moreover, it seems at times like they might have cut the episode down to maybe an hour and twenty minutes to successfully tell the story they wanted to tell, but then had to slash another 15 minutes or so leaving certain scenes lurching (like the walnuts thing - did they find walnuts on the trail before reaching the house with the orphans? If so then why drop the pursuit if they found the walnuts since they're clearly on the right track?).
Just my two cents. The acting is still stellar, the production values off the charts. I just wish they would adhere a little more closely to the story the fans have spent years loving and years more anticipating being seen on the screen.
					
					
							Edited by Mercurial, 14 May 2012 - 07:49 AM.
499	kkae	2012-05-14	They really are changing some things. Many have been good and necessary but others just baffle me.
I was little disappointed with Jaime changes especially after watching the Inside the Episode thing.
At this rate I wouldn't be surprised if Cat cuts Jaime's hand. :/
500	blasted_saber	2012-05-14	Jamie killing his cousin serves to remind the audience just how much of an asshole he is. And as he did say to Cersei in season one, he'll kill everyone to be together with her.I imagine Jon will Kill Quorin in Ep 10, aptly named Valar Morghulis. Probably leaving the audience thinking he betrayed his vows (and then to be revealed he did on orders next season). Seems like a good way to wrap up his storyline this season.Theon - Allen is also nailing his part, thought they did that whole scene well. Going to be interesting to see how the dogs lost the trail since they were, what, 200 yards from the farm and obviously had a trail up to there.Well, Rickon commmented how the one kid was a good tree climber (or some such) so it is possible they never went to the village and the cracked chestnuts were from the millers boys. On a  side note finding cracked chestnuts in a homestead is a piss poor reason for thinking youve found the escapees.EDIT - I dont see why Bran has to go back to Winterfell. I think he'll just continue on. It makes zero sense to go back.
					
					
							Edited by blasted_saber, 14 May 2012 - 07:37 AM.
501	Orys'Fury	2012-05-14	They should have added in that the Millers boys could possibly have been Theon's.  For me, that's the point Theon really changes in the books. 
Also, why do we not know Jon is a warg yet?? If they are still leading up to a fight between Jon and Halfhand, why would Halfhand let Jon kill him?  How will they explain a seasoned ranger, a legend in his own time, letting a green boy,who's only claim to anything is accidently killing a white, kill him?
502	Greywolf2375	2012-05-14	So Dany said they couldn't find Doreah. Does that mean Doreah betrayed her and took the dragons because she could touch them without being bitten or roasted?No, it doesn't have to mean that.  My guess is that she is in on the capture, but she doesn't have to be - with the power it seems the warlocks can wield, capturing three cats that were all ready in cages doesn't seem too difficult.
503	Spidey	2012-05-14	Jaime killing Alton is NO problem with me. Don't you guys remember all the times Jaime talked about killing Brienne in his mind to escape? So why wouldn't he kill Alton to escape.Yes, the whole cousin who looked up to him made it more brutal than usual, but don't act like its a HUGE deviation from his character.Yeah. Even in the books, he doesn't care much about more distant relatives, es evidenced by his reaction to the death of Stefford Lannister.
504	Mercurial	2012-05-14	Hmmm really? I didn't take it that way at all. I get the vibe he actually really likes/respects Arya (well as much as he can respect a little girl cup-bearer anyway). I'll have to rewind but I really didn't get that.I think the point is kind of that he can like and respect even a child and still use them - even have them killed - if it seems justified in the moment.I also initially got the impression that he was using her as a food-taster, but then he didn't eat any of it, just sent her off to the kitchens to finish up... so that kind of derailed that suspicion.
505	dtones520	2012-05-14	I wish the people complaining about the changes would just realize that it is going to happen and watch the show for what it is.  Which is a very well done adaptation of a great book series with a whole lot of storylines.  Yes, they have changed minor details and how certain plots play out, they have to do it for a TV/Drama/HBO audience.  But the major plot points are all still there. Name me an adaptation that 100% follows the source material and I will name you a liar.
506	Arch-MaesterPhilip	2012-05-14	I thought last night's episode was way too big a deviation from the books. I HATED the new Mountain. His appearence got seared into my mind after the way they introduced him last season and re-casting the role ruins that for me.
I had the feeling that "Talisa" was actually Jeyne Westerling last night just confirmed it for me.
I didn't like the way Jaime shanked Alton Lannister in the cage because as others have said it makes his redemption more difficult.
I understand Dany's stuff had to get spiced up for TV but I wonder if what took place last night is going to affect how Strong Belwas and Ser Barristan the Bold find their way to her. And I am worried about how the House of the Undying will be handled. On a lighter note my mother who doesn't watch at all saw a couple of Dany's scenes and announced that she hates her character.
And I'm not going to hide the fact that I kind of like the softer Tywin Lannister.
507	Evamitchelle	2012-05-14	Side note:  when I am teasing the Purists, I am having a bit of fun with you.  I am always amused by fans of source material complaining about changes in adaptations.  I don't understand why the people who hate the show continue to watch it, but that's not for me to choose what they do.  As for complaining about the show, no worries here, I've had plenty for the 17 of these threads we've made so far...One episode is about an hour long, you can dislike one scene/character portrayal and still enjoy the rest. It's not like I love *everything* that's in the books either. Jon usually bores me to tears for example, but I've still read the series twice (without skipping his chapters).I'm not a fan of Jaime's new escape plan, mainly because I find it a completely stupid one. Did Jaime really expect to make it out of the Riverlands alone, after months of malnutrition and inactivity ? I doubt he would have killed a cousin for such a lousy shot at freedom. I'm also amused that Robb put one of his Lord's heir on guard duty like a common soldier, but I guess you could say he wanted someone reliable to watch over the Kingslayer. Apparently D&D are increasing Jaime's doucheness factor while decreasing Cersei's. That whole "is it the price for our sins ?" strikes me as really off, especially with Tyrion as audience. After all she's the one who said "You win or you die, there is no middle ground". The worse change was altering Cat's motivation to free Jaime though. Yes, it makes sense within the show because Karstark is still in camp and out for Jaime's blood. It was bad enough when they had Tyrion and Littlefingertell Cat that releasing Jaime was the only way to see her daughters again (because she is completely stupid and could never have figured that out on her own), but now she's just reacting to Karstark's threats instead of taking the initiative and freeing Jaime of her own accord. What's even worse is that this is apparently D&D's idea of making her character more sympathetic (read : making her a doormat). Considering how much I'm "complaining" you'd think I found the episode worthless but that's not actually true. I found everything else pretty great, especially Rose Leslie's acting and the Winterfell scenes. Alfie Allen's face is killing me (particularly at the beginning when that guard refers to Hodor as "the giant" and at the end when he looks at the children's burned corpses), and Donald Sumpter is spectacular as well. The corpses seem a bit too carbonized for Luwin to be able to tell it's no Bran and Rickon though, which would mean he would only realize they were still alive in his final moments. I'm already expecting a river of tears. For me Theon's arc is the best on the show so far.
508	awesome possum	2012-05-14	Holy shit people, Dagmer is not Ramsay Bolton.That is possibly the stupidest theory I have ever read in my 10 years of lurking and posting on these boards.Holy shit.  No.I wish the people complaining about the changes would just realize that it is going to happen and watch the show for what it is.I wish the people complaining about the people complaining about the changes would just realize that they don't need to constantly try to take the people complaining to task as if they're the freaking Game of Thrones hall monitors. A message board is for discussions.  Discussions can include complaints.  Get over it.
					
					
							Edited by awesome possum, 14 May 2012 - 08:09 AM.
509	Versiroth	2012-05-14	First off, people really need to get over the fact that some things are different in the show than in the books.	Martin can be as deliberate and slow in the books as he wants to be.  He can have 4 chapters that reside completely within a characters head, he can have things drag on as long as he wants, etc.  They can't do that on screen.  It just wouldn't make for good television.  Purist would say "Yep, that was spot on!" while everyone else would say "Did anything actually happen in this episode?  I fell asleep 3 times!".  
As far as the episode goes...
Winterfell: The walnuts are there as a plot devise for the audience only.	Dagmar's idea was to pull a bait and switch, which is actually what happens.  The walnuts are there simply to fool the audience into thinking the boys are the one's killed.   Bran, Rickon, Osha and Hodor will likely never return to Winterfell.   You won't see the scene with master Luwen either.   It's just not important to the TV show that he knows the boys lived, since he's about to die anyway.   All that's left is likely Yara showing up to tell Theon he's screwed and then Ramsey sacking Winterfell (making it seem as though Theon is killed, I'm sure).
Beyond the wall:  Again, Jon doesn't do much in this book, so somethings had to be created.  I do hate that The battle with the others seems to have been cut out, but I guess they figure Jon's story is more important.   What will likely happen now, John will likely find that Qhorin had been capture as well and he'll likely tell Jon to kill him and join the wildlings to spy on Mance.   So, the end result would be the same, but you got to see john do more than walk through the snow for 10 episodes.
In the Riverlands: Ok, Jaime, at this point, is a bastard.  Everyone knows this.  They aren't going to show him being all noble and such right now, because once he does start to change some, they want it to be more pronounced.   Him killing his cousin there and antagonizing Catelyn is the writers way of showing you that he's still an arrogant douche (personally, I still hated him even in ADWD).
Kings Landing:   See, this is why sticking to the book can be a very poor choice for the series.... the moon blood scene was horrible.   It was pulled from the book, yes, but come on... Sansa is taller than Cersei  now and looks to be 17 or 18 at this point.   Also, I didn't like the scene with Tyrion and Cersei either because I HATE Cersei and the books never painted her into a good light (as they tried to do with Jaime).   She was always conniving, always backstabbing, etc.  Which honestly, may have been what they were trying to do there.  Pull Tyrion into a false sense of family so Cersei could stab him in the back in the coming episodes.
Harrenhall: I think Arya will ask Jaqen to kill Tywen, but he'll be leaving at the time.  When she realizes she's too late, she'll ask him to help her free some captured Northmen that were just brought in.  Then we'll likely get to see the weasel soup scenes.
EDIT: Fixed Grammatical errors.... it's too early, haha.
					
					
							Edited by Versiroth, 14 May 2012 - 08:16 AM.
510	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-14	Dagmer looked evil as fuck at the end there. Maybe he's not such a bad substitute Reek after all...
511	HyacinthGirl	2012-05-14	Holy shit people, Dagmer is not Ramsay Bolton.That is possibly the stupidest theory I have ever read in my 10 years of lurking and posting on these boards.Holy shit.  No.Why can't 'Dagmer' be Ramsay? There has been no confirmation that he is actually ironborn -  he never interacts with any of Theon's other men, he's adopted the role of the devil on Theon's shoulder, and it's very plausible that Roose (who knew Theon was being sent back to Pyke and wanted to know what went down) sent someone to follow Theon closely.Obviously the Dagmer described in the books could never be Ramsay but Dagmer in the show could easily be Ramsay. It's not stupid, hon.
512	Chelly	2012-05-14	It was a very good episode. I was shocked about the whole Pyat Pree and Xaro alliance. I thought it was pretty cool how they took down the Thirteen. Was Pyat this much of a freaky and badass character in the book? I don't think so. It looks like Dany will be visiting the House of the Undying next episode. I really want to see how that is going to be done."Is that a woman?" "Where did you find that beast?" Lol, Jaime. Shut. Up. You know you totally want to go out with her. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />The Jaime cell scene was shocking and I was not expecting him to do something like that. He acted the hell out of it, though. I liked the mention of Barristen Selmy again. Hmm..., maybe he will make a reappearance at the end of the season? That would be cool.I'm sorry the scene with Arya and Tywin was sort of funny in the beginning when he had his back turn and she kept staring at his neck while she was holding the knife. The music that played and kept cutting out when he turned to look at her and resumed again when he had his back to her had me dying, like she was Norman Bates or something. Other than that (I think unintentionally) funny moment, the rest of the scene was beautiful. The two actors have such great chemistry and I'm glad Arya didn't flip shit when he said she reminded him of Cersei. I really like the little history talk as well and the mention of Aegon and his sisters.Damn you, Theon. You make me angry for being such a scummy fool right now and you make me doubly angry because I can't help loving you all the same. Alfie is so expressive with his face. He doesn't have to say it for you to see that he realizes he is doing some seriously fucked up shit and he's not all that proud of it, either. Maester Luwin made me sad /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> He's so sweet and kudos to the actor. I really felt his sadness when he believed that was really Bran and Rickon up there.The Hound and Sansa scene was good but too short!!! I wants more. Anyway, I loved his last line to her about being grateful for some of the hateful things he's done when he's all that stands between her and psycho Joff. Loved it. Was that in the book? I can't remember.
513	Thunderfist	2012-05-14	First off, people really need to get over the fact that some things are different in the show than in the books.  I do hate that The battle with the others seems to have been cut out, but I guess they figure Jon's story is more important.   Also, I didn't like the scene with Tyrion and Cersei wither because I HATE Cersei and the book never painted her into a good light (as they tried to do with Jaime).You win!
					
					
							Edited by Thunderfist, 14 May 2012 - 08:15 AM.
514	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-14	Why can't 'Dagmer' be Ramsay? There has been no confirmation that he is actually ironborn -  he never interacts with any of Theon's other men, he's adopted the role of the devil on Theon's shoulder, and it's very plausible that Roose (who knew Theon was being sent back to Pyke and wanted to know what went down) sent someone to follow Theon closely.Obviously the Dagmer described in the books could never be Ramsay but Dagmer in the show could easily be Ramsay. It's not stupid, hon.Why would Roose's bastard son be played by a guy older than Roose himself? /dry.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />
515	dtones520	2012-05-14	Holy shit people, Dagmer is not Ramsay Bolton. That is possibly the stupidest theory I have ever read in my 10 years of lurking and posting on these boards. Holy shit. No. I wish the people complaining about the people complaining about the changes would just realize that they don't need to constantly try to take the people complaining to task as if they're the freaking Game of Thrones hall monitors. A message board is for discussions. Discussions can include complaints. Get over it.So, if a message board can include complains, I can voice how stupid I think it is that people bitch about minor plot points in an adaptation.  Get over it.
516	legba11	2012-05-14	Versi, are you saying Dagmer brought the walnuts there from elsewhere on the trail?  Because (while set up very poorly), that would make 100x more sense than anything else I've come up with.
517	Reposado	2012-05-14	They should have added in that the Millers boys could possibly have been Theon's.  For me, that's the point Theon really changes in the books.wait, this was not a point in the books, unless theon fathered them when he was 9 and 11ish
518	kkae	2012-05-14	So, if a message board can include complains, I can voice how stupid I think it is that people bitch about minor plot points in an adaptation.  Get over it.And you should get over others complaining.This vas very good episode although I don't like of the many changes. Jon/Ygritte thing is quite different perhaps I'm little annoyed but doesn't really bother me.I like Arya/Tywin dynamic although it starting to wear out. Shame that Stannis hasn't seen much screen time.
519	Thunderfist	2012-05-14	wait, this was not a point in the books, unless theon fathered them when he was 9 and 11ishIÂ´m pretty sure that Theon reflects about having slept with the Millers wife on several occasions and that the children might be his. I donÂ´t have my book here atm but perhaps someone could find that passage
520	Reposado	2012-05-14	However, here is what I want to know: All the things they are skipping, it makes me wonder if those elements will not be important in the series, and they know that. For instance: The boys hiding in the Winterfell crypts (and removing the swords), Jon's connection with Ghost, Jaime's redemption, etc.In other words, are we finding out now that certain things I thought would be important in Books 6/7 are just throw-away details? I mean, I like the show, but compared to the books, it's just "eh" for me. Worth an hour of my time for sure, best show on TV for sure and I hope it's renewed for all 7-8 seasons--but I kinda feel like some things from future books are being spoiled by the way they are playing out the show.I worry about this too. Especially when whole characters are written out. Guess Shireen never becomes important. Can't wait till uproar when season 6 leaves out Young Griff entirely.But Jamie's redemption is still happening. It doesn't really start till book 3. Doesn't really start until he loses his hand. I have faith in that one.IÂ´m pretty sure that Theon reflects about having slept with the Millers wife on several occasions and that the children might be his. I donÂ´t have my book here atm but perhaps someone could find that passageI know he mentions sleeping with her, that is how he knows the kids are of the right age. But the ages don't work. Book theon is 9 years older than book bran. 13 years older than book rickon. which is biologically possible, but doubt he had started sleeping with married women at the time
					
					
							Edited by BaelorBreakspear, 14 May 2012 - 08:33 AM.
521	Arataniello	2012-05-14	Versi, are you saying Dagmer brought the walnuts there from elsewhere on the trail?  Because (while set up very poorly), that would make 100x more sense than anything else I've come up with.This is what I assumed happened.  When Bran and Co were talking about the farm earlier in the episode, they explicitly said something about "if we go there, the occupants could be questioned if Theon follows us".
522	Versiroth	2012-05-14	You win!I guess that did sound kind of contradictory, but I think the main difference is,  I can see why most changes are made and even the one's that I've disliked (like Cersei being made to look like a victim of her son) will likely figure into a future scene as well.   I actually like most changes (Dany and Jon) just fine because I understand that their stories needed more filler.    Some here seem to dislike anything that was changed regardless if it added to the story or not.   They seem to just want a straight adaptation, which again, isn't really possible for more reasons than one.
523	Evamitchelle	2012-05-14	On a positive note, LF is not teleporting around Westeros anymore (yay !) and Ros is still missing in action for the third episode in a row ( double yay !).
And I think I'm actually going to miss the Spice King.
524	awesome possum	2012-05-14	Why can't 'Dagmer' be Ramsay? There has been no confirmation that he is actually ironborn -  he never interacts with any of Theon's other men, he's adopted the role of the devil on Theon's shoulder, and it's very plausible that Roose (who knew Theon was being sent back to Pyke and wanted to know what went down) sent someone to follow Theon closely.Obviously the Dagmer described in the books could never be Ramsay but Dagmer in the show could easily be Ramsay. It's not stupid, hon.Unless Roose fathered this version of Dagsay when he was 10 (and that's being generous with the age difference), then it's stupid.So, if a message board can include complains, I can voice how stupid I think it is that people bitch about minor plot points in an adaptation.  Get over it.You can voice whatever you want.  That's the joy of the internet. And yet, you and people like you voicing how stupid you think it is that people would bitch about minor plot points (are you new to the internet?) ... well, those are the posts that seem whiny and childish and unnecessary.  Bitching about minor plot points is still talking about the show. Bitching about people bitching is just being a bitch.
525	Greyjoy67	2012-05-14	Why would Roose's bastard son be played by a guy older than Roose himself? /dry.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />Minor thing here but... I'd say Dagmer looks in his late 30s, Roose looks in his early 50s. It's a little farfetched maybe, but still... Roose looks older in the show.
526	Thunderfist	2012-05-14	I guess that did sound kind of contradictory, but I think the main difference is,  I can see why most changes are made and even the one's that I've disliked (like Cersei being made to look like a victim of her son) will likely figure into a future scene as well.   I actually like most changes (Dany and Jon) just fine because I understand that their stories needed more filler.	Some here seem to dislike anything that was changed regardless if it added to the story or not.   They seem to just want a straight adaptation, which again, isn't really possible for more reasons than one.I still havenÂ´t seen anyone who wants a straight adaptation along the lines of "well they really should hire 200.000 extras for the Battle of the Blackwater otherwise that episode will suck". What most "purists" seem to be saying is that there are some changes that they donÂ´t enjoy for whatever reasons. Some people here seem to like the majority of the changes made, some others seem to dislike most of them. Each opinion is equally valid
527	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-14	It is COMPLETELY WRONG for cersei to hate joffrey and express that to Tyrion.She very most certainly did no such thing. Youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re just making it up.
528	Mista C	2012-05-14	Best Part of This Episode: The pullaway shot of Harrenahll... man did that place look huge and nasty.
529	Kaitscralt	2012-05-14	My only complaint about the series is how radically it has changed my perception of this forum and the members on it. I can't believe how many 'experts' are complaining about things that were explained right on the show. "Wahh, wahh, Catelyn has no reason to free Jaime without hearing of Bran and Rickon." Did you people even watch the episode?
Get the definition of adaptation tattooed on the back of your hands so you can read it while you type.
530	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-14	More and more scenes showing that Dany isn't happy to loose her dragons?Never happened. It will take Prince Quentyn to loose her dragons and die in the act, and thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a long, long, long ways off yet.I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t understand why people make things up about what theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re seeing.  Or not seeing, as the case may be.
531	Thunderfist	2012-05-14	My only complaint about the series is how radically it has changed my perception of this forum and the members on it. I can't believe how many 'experts' are complaining about things that were explained right on the show. "Wahh, wahh, Catelyn has no reason to free Jaime without hearing of Bran and Rickon." Did you people even watch the episode?Get the definition of adaptation tattooed on the back of your hands so you can read it while you type.Adaptation: the process in which a tv-show based on a series of books turns into something utterly unreckognizable, where change is made for the sake of change alone, where the opportunity to show nude women is never missed and where the characters involved end up a complete 180 from what they were like in the original textIs that about right?
532	dtones520	2012-05-14	Unless Roose fathered this version of Dagsay when he was 10 (and that's being generous with the age difference), then it's stupid.You can voice whatever you want.  That's the joy of the internet.And yet, you and people like you voicing how stupid you think it is that people would bitch about minor plot points (are you new to the internet?) ... well, those are the posts that seem whiny and childish and unnecessary.  Bitching about minor plot points is still talking about the show.Bitching about people bitching is just being a bitch.What bothers me is that people are shocked that an adaptation of a book made changes from the source material.  I don't care about people talking about it, but the people who are acting apalled or shocked over it is a bit much.
533	Versiroth	2012-05-14	I still havenÂ´t seen anyone who wants a straight adaptation along the lines of "well they really should hire 200.000 extras for the Battle of the Blackwater otherwise that episode will suck". What most "purists" seem to be saying is that there are some changes that they donÂ´t enjoy for whatever reasons. Some people here seem to like the majority of the changes made, some others seem to dislike most of them. Each opinion is equally validThat's not the impression I get when I read comments like "Did anything in this episode actually happen in the book?!?".   That, to me, says that the person wants things to mimic the book even at the cost of a slow and boring plot.  If they didn't do something with Dany and Jon differently than what happened in the books, they might as well just cut them entirely.   The books are amazing.  WAY better than the show.  With that said, a lot of the things in the books just do not work in a TV series where time is not unlimited.  And even if this season was 20 episodes, they still couldn't show 10 scenes with John doing little more than marching through the snow.   People would stop watching.   I even saw one person say they've given up on the show thanks to the changes.... really?   Not one single change has changed anything significant at this point.   I'd understand if they killed off a main character, like Tyrion or something, but people complaining because Dany's Handmaidens died?   What did they do in the books that was so important?   It's things like that that people are going overboard about.   I can't think of one change that has significantly changed the course of the series.   Please enlighten me if I missed it.
					
					
							Edited by Versiroth, 14 May 2012 - 08:52 AM.
534	Bride of Winter	2012-05-14	I just had a thought - who is Karstark going to kill now? 
he was in a perfect position to kill Alton (being a distant relative of the Lannisters) but that's out the window.
535	Mummer's wind	2012-05-14	The lack of Tyron's chain is disconcerting. I thought it was a really nice culmination of his story in CoK, showing that his mind really was his greatest weapon. Part of its impact was the lead-up to the chain's reveal, so I'm thinking there's probably no way they'll include it this season. CGI-ing a bunch of burning ship-hulks piled against a chain and being pushed by a river's current is probably a little bit outside the budgetary scope of this adaptation.Also, there's no way that Dagmer *is* Ramsay ... that barely makes sense ... but he sure is playing Ramsay's devil-on-Theon's-shoulder role thus far this season. He seems to be able to control him by giving him an expression that says "That's not Ironborn tough!"I just had a thought - who is Karstark going to kill now?he was in a perfect position to kill Alton (being a distant relative of the Lannisters) but that's out the window.I'm guessing they'll drop that little thread. They've had to rush the Rob's camp story a little bit (case in point, Jaime being sprung now) and I suspect they included Karstark as both an impetus for freeing the Kingslayer and as a bit of a nod to book-readers.
					
					
							Edited by Mummer's wind, 14 May 2012 - 08:59 AM.
536	Versiroth	2012-05-14	Adaptation: the process in which a tv-show based on a series of books turns into something utterly unreckognizable, where change is made for the sake of change alone, where the opportunity to show nude women is never missed and where the characters involved end up a complete 180 from what they were like in the original textIs that about right?Ok, now with the hyperbole?    First, the changes are made for time and also to add spice to some of the slower stories.   And what character is a complete 180?   Jaime?   The same Jaime that pushed a small boy out of a window hoping that he'd die?   Also.. nudity....?   Did you read the books?  Martin was way more graphic than the show seems to be.
537	Evamitchelle	2012-05-14	My only complaint about the series is how radically it has changed my perception of this forum and the members on it. I can't believe how many 'experts' are complaining about things that were explained right on the show. "Wahh, wahh, Catelyn has no reason to free Jaime without hearing of Bran and Rickon." Did you people even watch the episode?Get the definition of adaptation tattooed on the back of your hands so you can read it while you type.Yes, having Catelyn freeing Jaime because Karstark is going to kill him makes sense. It just strips her of any agency she ever had, turning an active decision she made on her own into a passive reaction to someone else's plan. I could have accepted it if it had been a one time thing, but the trend since season 2 has been to take every idea Cat ever had in the books and to give it to someone else (usually a male character). As such you have Robb advising her to go to Renly, Tyrion and LF convincing her to release Jaime and Brienne commandeering their escape from Renly's tent and Renly's camp. All of those things should have come from Cat. Instead she spends half her scenes crying "I should be in Winterfell with my babies !!".
538	Thunderfist	2012-05-14	I can't think of one change that has significantly changed the course of the series.   Please enlighten me if I missed it.Here are some of the changes that IÂ´ve had issues with, although we might disagree on their relative importanceJaime killing his cousin, turning him from a man whos two really bad deeds could be justified into a sociopath, thus making redemption seem unlikelyRobb falling in love with Talisa and flaunting it in front of all of his bannermen, changing alot of things about the Red WeddingNow it seems that Cat will release Jaime without getting the news of Bran and Rickon, changing alot of things about her decisionsCersei complaining to Tyrion about what a crazy nutbag Joffrey really is, so why all the drama when they offed him at the Purple WeddingI could list more but IÂ´ve already done so in the threads about the earlier episodes
539	Jory's Shade	2012-05-14	I absolutely love the television series because it is great television.  Folks who have not read the series are in for a treat if they decide to pick it up.  They have no idea how different the adaptation is from the book's narrative.  I have no problem with that.  However, there are several adaptations that disappoint me that were unnecessarily left out or changed:Ser Roderick could have brought in Reek before Theon stole Winterfell, so it won't be necessary to introduce him in a hokey way;Bran and Rickon should be in the Crypts;The Reeds should be with Bran;Where is Varys and Tyrion's unique relationship in the KL arc;The Tower of Joy should have been introduced in Ned's vision last season;Jon should be with the Half-Hand trying to double back from pursuit after letting Ygritte go;It should have been clear that Jon killed Orell;Jon should have found the dragonglass and broken horn at the foot of the Fist of First Men; andAmory Lorch should have been fed to a bear by Vargo Hoat instead of getting killed by Jaqen H'ghar.Now, I will admit that I love the Tywin/Arya arc and the Dany/Qarth arc.  Good changes that make sense for TV.  I also love or at least approve of the added scenes and using Littlefinger as vehicle to connect the story arcs.All in all, this is a smashingly good show.  I just don't see why such important aspects of the narrative have been omitted.  It leaves them little room to connect all the dots once you get to ADWD and beyond.
540	The Unborn	2012-05-14	Maybe in a fit of rage he will kill some northmen... maybe they have more Lannister prisonners around.
541	Thunderfist	2012-05-14	Ok, now with the hyperbole?	First, the changes are made for time and also to add spice to some of the slower stories.   And what character is a complete 180?   Jaime?   The same Jaime that pushed a small boy out of a window hoping that he'd die?   Also.. nudity....?   Did you read the books?  Martin was way more graphic than the show seems to be.I had to respond to the "adaptation-tatoo" poster with some hyperbole lol, donÂ´t take it too seriousIÂ´ve read the books, though I must have missed the lesbian sex scenes at LFÂ´s place, the scene where Osha fucks Theon, the scene where Joffrey has the hookers beat eachother and many others. T&A that makes sense = good, T&A for the sake of more T&A = bad
542	Mummer's wind	2012-05-14	I didn't even think of the Dragonglass! Perhaps Sam will find it.
543	Mummer's wind	2012-05-14	Cersei complaining to Tyrion about what a crazy nutbag Joffrey really is, so why all the drama when they offed him at the Purple WeddingCersei did also mention that the only people in the world she loved were her children and that mothers don't have a choice.
					
					
							Edited by Mummer's wind, 14 May 2012 - 09:06 AM.
544	RoamingRonin	2012-05-14	Jaime killing his cousin doesn't make sense and it wasn't necessary. Adaptation or not, he didn't have to kill the boy, he could have just beat him bloody and then strangled the Stark.
The scenes in Qarth threw me for a loop. I'm still not sure if they even happened or not. I kept thinking Dany was dreaming or already in the House of Undying. Maybe there will be a twist ending to the season and we will learn Dany has been in the House of Undying for the past few episodes. It will explain why her people were killed, her paranoia and why Ser Jorah wasn't around... Either way, I didn't see the coupe coming. I was enjoying Dany's power struggle with the merchants.
I liked all of the history given in the episode. It's a bit heavy on exposition but there's really no other way to convey the information to viewers without a lot of speeches.
545	Greywolf2375	2012-05-14	Name me an adaptation that 100% follows the source material and I will name you a liar.And I'll say this again - name a poster that has said they require a 100% adaption.  Because different posters disagree about different points does not mean that anyone requires or expects a 100% verbatim TV show.
546	Evamitchelle	2012-05-14	Winterfell: The walnuts are there as a plot devise for the audience only.	Dagmar's idea was to pull a bait and switch, which is actually what happens.  The walnuts are there simply to fool the audience into thinking the boys are the one's killed.   Bran, Rickon, Osha and Hodor will likely never return to Winterfell.   You won't see the scene with master Luwen either.   It's just not important to the TV show that he knows the boys lived, since he's about to die anyway.   All that's left is likely Yara showing up to tell Theon he's screwed and then Ramsey sacking Winterfell (making it seem as though Theon is killed, I'm sure).I'm pretty sure they'll show Maester Luwin's death. He's had a lot of screen-time during the past two episodes - they even added several scenes for him over the course of the two seasons - they won't pass up such a great opportunity for drama when he dies. They've shown every named characters death on screen so far, even when the characters aren't supposed to die/be maimed (Mago, Irri, Rakharo, Marillion etc.), it would make no sense for them not to show Luwin's as well.
547	Jory's Shade	2012-05-14	I also agree with Mummer's Wind that that chain would be nice to have included, but I get why they left it out.
548	Chazz Orr	2012-05-14	Did I misunderstand?  Did it say only 2 more episodes left?Is it possible that the season finale will be a double-episode lasting 2 hours?This would mean there are two more 'broadcasts', yet three more 'episodes'...Just a thought!
549	Reposado	2012-05-14	And even if this season was 20 episodes, they still couldn't show 10 scenes with John doing little more than marching through the snow.	 I can't think of one change that has significantly changed the course of the series.   Please enlighten me if I missed it.well, they changed it to many scenes of jon marching through the snow. in the book, jon and halfhand were being chased by wildlings, coming up with different strategies to elude them. what the show gave us instead was jon wlaking through the snow with ygrittei think most complaints are not about stuff being changed. its about stuff that doesnt work. and really a lot stuff thats new hasnt come together well. if you really want me to complain about a show ask me about the walking dead, and I've never read the source material there.I know they can't follow it exactly. I don't even want them too. I was hoping for many new scenes of Robb in the West(though those have been a disappointment) but I do expect scenes that are well thought out and executed.
550	Axon	2012-05-14	For all the complaining, how good is Tywin/Arya?
551	Versiroth	2012-05-14	Here are some of the changes that IÂ´ve had issues with, although we might disagree on their relative importanceJaime killing his cousin, turning him from a man whos two really bad deeds could be justified into a sociopath, thus making redemption seem unlikelyRobb falling in love with Talisa and flaunting it in front of all of his bannermen, changing alot of things about the Red WeddingNow it seems that Cat will release Jaime without getting the news of Bran and Rickon, changing alot of things about her decisionsCersei complaining to Tyrion about what a crazy nutbag Joffrey really is, so why all the drama when they offed him at the Purple WeddingI could list more but IÂ´ve already done so in the threads about the earlier episodesAgain, this is the same Jaime that tried to Kill a small boy "for love". Do you think sacrificing some distant relative is some how worse than that?  I think this is a case where your mindset with Jaime is of him after his "redemption".   Pre-missing his hand Jaime was not a good person, at all.We never saw how Rob fell in love with Talisa/Jeyne in the books.  And the red wedding will happen just the same.  Robb will likely come back from the Krag married to Jeyne and the Freys will be outraged.	Either that, or they'll add in more plot of him being wounded at the Krag, tended to by "Talisa", etc.   Either way, the end result will be the red wedding.  Catelyn has 4 children that are currently being held captive.	She has something in her possession that she feels will free two of the 4.   That's honestly reason enough.   Especially since her bartering tool may not last the night, and she knows that Sansa and Arya are as good as dead if Jaime dies.  Plenty of reasoning there.Cersei also tells Sansa that she will love her Children as she does her own.   Knowing that Joffrey is crazy and not loving your son are two different things entirely.  Of course she'd be upset when he dies.
					
					
							Edited by Versiroth, 14 May 2012 - 09:20 AM.
552	ViennaGirl	2012-05-14	Robb's going to have a busy week next week - he's going to have to be wounded so Jeyne can take care of him, heal enough to have sex, and then get married. What a day.
I like the Quarth changes, but the set looks like Disneyworld.
Love Ygritte, Where is this going? My guess - the wildlings have also captured Qhorin. He sees Jon is captured also and starts screaming "turncloak!" Jon's like NO, WTF, but then he catches on. They're forced to fight, and Qhorin sort of hisses instructions to Jon as they're trying to kill each other. I guess it could work. I LOVED hearing "you know nothing" - this is the line I've been watiing for!
553	StarkBlack21	2012-05-14	You guys seemed to miss when Robb is with his troops and they say they have captured more Lannister Troops. Karstark is going to murder the Lannister prisoners. So Robb will still take off Karstark's head. I'm more wondering what that look between Roose and Talisa/Jeyne -- I think Roose is noticing Robb being dragged around with his other head. Which is now starting to spin the wheels about the R&W and maybe sending a Raven to Ramsay.
554	legba11	2012-05-14	I had to respond to the "adaptation-tatoo" poster with some hyperbole lol, donÂ´t take it too seriousIÂ´ve read the books, though I must have missed the lesbian sex scenes at LFÂ´s place, the scene where Osha fucks Theon, the scene where Joffrey has the hookers beat eachother and many others. T&A that makes sense = good, T&A for the sake of more T&A = badDid you forget Jaime mixing semen with Cersei's period blood?  Martin was plenty sexually graphic (and often completely outside the needs of the books).  They have done it in different places, but they are quite true to him there.
555	White Harbors Wrath	2012-05-14	Is it possible that the season finale will be a double-episode lasting 2 hours?This would mean there are two more 'broadcasts', yet three more 'episodes'...Just a thought!There's already a thread about this stating the preview was removed from the second broadcast. There are 3 more episodes already named and displayed in this forum. There are three more episode synopsis available on the internet. Highly doubt that it's anything else than an HBO flub.In fact, knowing HBO there may even be a two week wait for one of those episodes, they normally skip holiday weekends (the 27th).
556	Greywolf2375	2012-05-14	I just had a thought - who is Karstark going to kill now?he was in a perfect position to kill Alton (being a distant relative of the Lannisters) but that's out the window.I do want to see how this gets handled - Robb's beheading of Karstark I thought was a pretty big moment for him and would be an especially interesting counterpoint to Theon's beheading of Cassell.
557	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-14	For all the complaining, how good is Tywin/Arya?Not a ship I support, personally, but different strokes......I like their scenes. Dance really nails his Tywin; we just don't know what kind of person he is privately in the books. We only see him through the eyes of his children, all of which piss him off in one way or another. I don't think him getting on reasonably well with his cupbearer is out of character at all.
558	Thunderfist	2012-05-14	Did you forget Jaime mixing semen with Cersei's period blood?  Martin was plenty sexually graphic (and often completely outside the needs of the books).  They have done it in different places, but they are quite true to him there.To me it just feels like theyÂ´ve wanted to include as many nude women as possible. When will we see a man doing a full frontal nudity in every other episode?
559	shadow of death	2012-05-14	No chain?  Really?  There are not many episodes left and they have a ton of things to cover.  The chain is a key reason why they are able to defeat stannis.  Maybe it will be introduced next week?  Who knows.
The execution in quarth was pretty cool and a good change but they killed the Spice King dude!  He was the best addition to the books.  His dialogue was great.
560	ViennaGirl	2012-05-14	However, here is what I want to know: All the things they are skipping, it makes me wonder if those elements will not be important in the series, and they know that. For instance: The boys hiding in the Winterfell crypts (and removing the swords), Jon's connection with Ghost, Jaime's redemption, etc.In other words, are we finding out now that certain things I thought would be important in Books 6/7 are just throw-away details? I mean, I like the show, but compared to the books, it's just "eh" for me. Worth an hour of my time for sure, best show on TV for sure and I hope it's renewed for all 7-8 seasons--but I kinda feel like some things from future books are being spoiled by the way they are playing out the show.This is my question too. The crypt stuff and some of the premonition dreams that different characters have seem to be pointing to particular conclusions that you can draw after reading everything, but if they're not in the show...  Arya is supposed to be dreaming of Nymeria while she's at Harrenhal. Jon is supposed to see the wildling army via a Ghost dream. The House of the Undying prophecies will be interesting next week (if they happen next week...)
561	JonHo	2012-05-14	I loved the Sansa/Shae scene. Shae is a BAMF.
And the Cersei/Sansa scene was amazing as well, its almost directly from the book.
562	HyacinthGirl	2012-05-14	Why would Roose's bastard son be played by a guy older than Roose himself? /dry.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />He's older? I didn't even notice... I think they could get away with it.
563	legba11	2012-05-14	Agree 100%, Thunder.  I often hard on it (I refer to them as HBO moments).  They are, however, true to style of the novels in that way (IMO) as Martin includes plenty of gratuitous sex scenes.
HBO's #1 show (by a mile) is True Blood.  Which is a Vampire soap opera, with lots of graphic sex.  I consider this the price to pay for getting such an awesome show.
Considering it's acceptance in the US (not much), we've gotten more than a fair number of dongs in the show.
564	legba11	2012-05-14	I think the Chain is gone, I said this last week. I realize that won't be popular here, but I am relieved.  I found it stupid in book form and on film it would look horrible.
565	David Selig	2012-05-14	Pretty good episode overall. The show's main strength this season continues to be the acting performances and this episodes was one of the best in this respect. The changes in the Robb/Cat/Jaime plotline mostly worked, though Jaime killing his cousin was unnecessary and silly. The Qarth scene was pretty well done, Iain Glen gave another fantastic performance.
 Main problem for me was the cringe worthy Jon - Ygritte scene. It would've been mildly amusing if she had made one or two jokes about his blue balls and left it at that, but instead she went on and on and on...Pointless and way overlong scene. Qhorin must be the most overrated ranger in the NW, BYW, since he couldn't find Jon. How hard would it be to track him in the snow?
566	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-14	I  donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know how people can live with all this hate bubbling up inside them. If I hated something this much, I would shun it, not obsess over it and tear myself up inside. But they donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t seem to understand the damage theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re doing themselves. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s really sickening to watch.All scenes with Theon or the Lannisters in them completely ruled.  With the exception of Tywin and Arya, which was excellent, the best scenesâ<U+0080><U+0099> dialogue was the stuff lifted right from the book.  My goodness Charles Dance has a deep voice!  I think heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s lowering it to convey command strength. It works.Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m not sure whether the actress playing Dany is just weak, or whether the dialogue theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve written for her is weak.  Something wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t clicking for me there.I really love that Rickon got a few lines.The only nudity was a manâ<U+0080><U+0099>s backside being painted by Quaithe.  And not a particularly attractive backside, either, despite her artistic efforts. ;}I canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t figure out the arrangement between Xaro and the warlocks. I mean, plotwise I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t have a tremendous problem with it. I just wonder what the actual mechanics of the deal could have been, the who gets what exchange.One thing about Pyat Preeâ<U+0080><U+0099>s reduplicative antics: theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve saved on actorsâ<U+0080><U+0099> salaries to play other warlocks. ;}Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s too bad Tyrion has lost his chain.I miss Davos.
567	Thunderfist	2012-05-14	Agree 100%, Thunder.  I often hard on it (I refer to them as HBO moments).  They are, however, true to style of the novels in that way (IMO) as Martin includes plenty of gratuitous sex scenes.HBO's #1 show (by a mile) is True Blood.  Which is a Vampire soap opera, with lots of graphic sex.  I consider this the price to pay for getting such an awesome show.Considering it's acceptance in the US (not much), we've gotten more than a fair number of dongs in the show.I understand your point about male nudity and IÂ´ve also assumed that this is the reason. And I donÂ´t mind sex scenes when they make sense, regardless of if they are in the books or not. I thought the Renly/Margaery scene was really well done and made alot of sense. It showed Renlys frustration and Margaerys pragmatism in ways that seemed true to the characters. However when Littlefinger is telling his masterplan to two random hookers who just happen to be having sex with eachother. I canÂ´t help but think to myself: "what the f-ck?!"
568	The Unborn	2012-05-14	Maybe the Halfhand and the other rangers are following him to see what exactly he will do.
569	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-14	Welcome to A YouTube of Ice and Fire, all ye commentataterrifiers!
570	Bride of Winter	2012-05-14	I'm more wondering what that look between Roose and Talisa/Jeyne -- I think Roose is noticing Robb being dragged around with his other head. Which is now starting to spin the wheels about the R&W and maybe sending a Raven to Ramsay.I caught that too. I liked how they added that bit in there to help show Roose's side of it. nonetheless I was pretty much screaming at Robb through my TV the entire time.
571	KnightsOfDany	2012-05-14	I really did enjoy the episode. Ygritte and Jon have a awesome dynamic although im not sure about the being captured (again) by wildlings part, wonder how the will weave the half-hand in. Also I'll bet Rattleshirts in that group or at least i hope.
The Jamie and Qarth changes are different but i think Dany will end up tripping balls and burning hearts in the House of the Undying and Jamie will be released by Cat to save Sansa (because she knows the Stark men will kill him or she gets word about Bran and Rickon at the beginning of next weeks episode) All in all its going the the end direction anyway.
Alas i cant imagine the feeling of the non reader audience to the closing scene. Must be a real WTF moment so i can only appreciate the cliffhanger in terms of the shock for them.
I give this episode 4 Jamie choke-outs out of 5.
572	Mercurial	2012-05-14	I think the Chain is gone, I said this last week. I realize that won't be popular here, but I am relieved.  I found it stupid in book form and on film it would look horrible.I think hinting at it being built, a few throw-away lines about the blacksmiths all being occupied by some secret order from the Hand could have been very easily inserted... and then in the midst of the battle when things seem to be turning against them, dramatic music showing the chains being cranked up, lifted into place, the looks of shock and then horror on the face of the Onion Knight and his captains and then Cersei or someone else turning to Tyrion to comment on 'so THAT'S what you've been working on'...I honestly don't believe that we can have too many scenes where Tyrion shows how cleverness can be as effective in battle as it can be in political manipulations... it shows him as a dangerous man despite his stature, even on the battlefield.
573	legba11	2012-05-14	That look from Roose was him realizing that Robb is about to blow his Kinghood to pieces.  He already knows Robb is honorable to the point of being very destructive (just like dad), and he see's Robb paying undue attention to this woman, and pushing aside his duties for her.  He is a schemer and can put together pieces of a potential disaster and better start making plans in case it happens.  Does he know he will marry her?  No, but he sees him smitten and that he is putting her above his lords.  Time to make preparations.
574	legba11	2012-05-14	I mean the chain itself would look horrible.  It makes no sense, and while you can get away with that in print, on film it's tough.  More scenes with Tyrion scheming would be welcome here!
575	DirtyRobes	2012-05-14	Tyrion loses Both chains???/sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> With any luck he'll have it next season
576	Leia	2012-05-14	I am pretty disappointed with the episode, as with most of them this season.First and foremost, the thing which bothers me extremely is that they've shown Jaime as a kinslayer, which I do not recall he is from the books (not yet at least). He is truly an amazing character, especially later when he starts changing and starts realising some important things. I am very saddened with how hated show-Jaime and show-Sansa are because they are extraordinary characters.Furthermore, Shae helping Sansa seemed a bit as a nonsense just so people would start liking Shae. One other thing I do not recall from the books, but feel free to correct me if I am wrong, is Cersei showing her weakness and confessing to Tyrion. That seemed very unCerseilike.That being said, looks that Jaime was giving to Catelyn and Karstark while they were arguing & looks that Shae, Sansa and the other handmaiden exchanged made me laugh /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Oh and I didn't think Ygritte could irritate me more than she does in the books, but alas, I was wrong /dry.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />As much as D&D did a wonderful job with the last season, I think they did a poor job with this one. As if straying too much from the path was not bad enough, there are numerous other downs.Only high expectations I have left are those for episode 9 which was written by GRRM himself and he is the only one I still trust not to disappoint me. As for D&D goes, I do not expect from them anything anymore and maybe that is a good thing because now they might even pleasantly surprise me in further seasons.
577	BlackTalon	2012-05-14	I am not sure the chain has been omitted. A chain boom was a pretty common method of closing a port to enemy ships, might be "show" KingÂ´s Landing already has one. No need to give Tyrion some forced line or scene in which it is mentioned.
I guess I am a book purist, but I do not feel that the fact that Tyrion had it built is sooo essential to the story. It just showcased his cleverness another time. He did not invent it.
BTW do we already have a name for the people who complain about the book purists and never tire of explaining that "the show is just BASED on the books, you can never expect a 100% correct adaptation!!!"
Shoud they be called the "show deviants" accordingly? /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
					
					
							Edited by BlackTalon, 14 May 2012 - 10:12 AM.
578	Crown	2012-05-14	Mixed feelings: I fucking loved the episode, but looking at the books it makes me sad. Looks like I'm a semi-book purist.
EDIT: The final scene was sublime. 'What have you done?! Noooooo!'
					
					
							Edited by Crown, 14 May 2012 - 10:17 AM.
579	mpbarnes	2012-05-14	I'm still really hopeful about all the changes, based off of what we didn't get this episode...for instance:
Doreah is still not found, we know she and Drogon get along, there were only two tails in the final scene last episode, we now know Doreah had a very good reason to not show herself while Dany was still with Xaro.  I think Doreah and Drogon show up in Ep. 8 and Dany goes to the House of the Undying with Drogon. 
Ghost is still missing in action.  It's quite possible that Ghost will attack the Wildings and Jon will be able to get free.  Having Ghost show up in EP. 8 gives Jon a chance to reunite with Qhorin before being "taken" again by the Wildings. 
Robb hasn't returned from the Crag, it's possible he won't return in ep. 8 either.  It's possible that there's a trap at the Crag and he'll get wounded and things will progress in a similar fashion as in the books, except perhaps Jeyne "saves" him because she's seen him not as an enemy but as a good man.  I'd like that change more than just Robb has a weak moment, if their union serves a greater purpose than just young love.
We haven't seen Ramsay, and likely really won't see Ramsay, but the burned kids all but assures that Theon is going to get his at the end of this season.  It seemed like they had changed so much by not including the Reeds or Ramsay, but they've trimmed the fat and given us a similar story that is more believable.  Theon needed an Ironborn devil on his shoulder, someone to remind him of how he's supposed to be and give him dastardly advice.  Dagmar does this perfectly, while allowing D&D to not fully introduce Ramsay until Season 3, after they've trimmed a fair amount of minor characters.  People, please think before you continue with the Dagmar = Ramsay delusions, you're starting to sound like Obama birthers.  Dagmar is Iron Born, he's been living with the Iron Born for years and years, fighting with them, that's why he has their respect and is able to help Theon with them.  Just think for a moment, why would Roose have his bastard on the other side of the country, when he's supposed to be at the Dreadfort, as a kid, growing up and now as an adult, holding the fort while Roose is away?  Dagmar = Roose makes absolutely no sense...I'd believe Quiathe is really Lyanna Stark before I believed Dagmar = Ramsay.  We'll get Ramsay in Season 3, he'll be just as if not more fucked up than he was in the books (because we'll likely get him torturing and flaying Theon all season long). 
On Cat/Jaime, it's possible this change works better than Cat releasing Jaime because she's heard about Bran and Rickon, instead of Cat betraying Robb, she's protecting his interests.  It makes the contrast between what she does and what Karstark is likely to do (kill a bunch of Lannister prisoners) much more...well...Starker.  Robb can't be a "just" king if he doesn't kill his mother for freeing a prisoner because of her kids, but then puts a man to death because of what he does after his kids have been killed.  Catelyn sending Jaime off before she finds out about Winterfell's latest news actually works better.  Show Cat has been much shrewder than Book Cat.  If Karstark kills Jaime, the Stark girls definitely die.  Cat is seen to be protecting Robb's interests and her own, when she could have easily just sought revenge.  Karstark is shown to have committed treason by directly going against Robb's orders and endangering Robb's family. 
Still much to be seen, I think most of these changes will work well.  My biggest gripe was that Tyrion mentioned that Stannis is "5 days away" so we know that the time frame in Ep. 7 - 9 is only 5 days.  That's a very short amount of time for a lot to develop...but we'll see how it goes down in the coming weeks.
580	DirtyRobes	2012-05-14	I mean the chain itself would look horrible.  It makes no sense, and while you can get away with that in print, on film it's tough.  More scenes with Tyrion scheming would be welcome here! I Don't understand this at all, just a Massive chain being lifted out of the ocean, a great WTF moment for the audience And it turns the tide of the battle.Stated perfectly below.I think hinting at it being built, a few throw-away lines about the blacksmiths all being occupied by some secret order from the Hand could have been very easily inserted... and then in the midst of the battle when things seem to be turning against them, dramatic music showing the chains being cranked up, lifted into place, the looks of shock and then horror on the face of the Onion Knight and his captains and then Cersei or someone else turning to Tyrion to comment on 'so THAT'S what you've been working on'...I honestly don't believe that we can have too many scenes where Tyrion shows how cleverness can be as effective in battle as it can be in political manipulations... it shows him as a dangerous man despite his stature, even on the battlefield.
581	Dohogerse	2012-05-14	I am not sure the chain has been omitted. A chain boom was a pretty common method of closing a port to enemy ships, might be "show" KingÂ´s Landing already has one. No need to give Tyrion some forced line or scene in which it is mentioned.I guess I am a book purist, but I do not feel that the fact that Tyrion had it built is sooo essential to the story. It just showcased his cleverness another time. He did not invent it.BTW do we already have a name for the people who complain about the book purists and never tire of explaining that "the show is just BASED on the books, you can never expect a 100% correct adaptation!!!"Shoud they be called the "show deviants" accordingly? /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />Thats the kew word, its a base and they are telling their version of it as i thats their starting point per se, and also adapting to another medium. Not trying to stir up an argument, but I had to say something.
582	UncertainPerson	2012-05-14	lol the show only viewers could care less that Jaime is a "kinslayer". its never really been discussed hardcore in the show.
people need to calm down and enjoy the show for what it is
the ONLY PEOPLE who complain about the show are bookreaders. everyone i know who only watches the show CANNOT wait for the next week after each and every GoT episode. they have one complaint, and that is that the seasons are too short.
583	Mummer's wind	2012-05-14	I really hope that when they get to the Battle of Blackwater they follow Davos for the moments when Tyron's trap (whatever it ends up being... Cersei's barge or some old hulks just full of wildfire?) is sprung. That part of the book was very effective, as he saw how things were going to play out just a moment before disaster struck.
584	Leia	2012-05-14	Oh and I almost forgot, those two bodies that were supposed to look like Bran and Rickon were bizzare. They could have at least make them not look like some plain dummies.
585	Mista C	2012-05-14	My biggest gripe was that Tyrion mentioned that Stannis is "5 days away" so we know that the time frame in Ep. 7 - 9 is only 5 days.  That's a very short amount of time for a lot to develop...but we'll see how it goes down in the coming weeks.This^  I completely agree now that there will definately not be any mention of the chain, or the chain itself for that matter.  I cannot believe that this piece is going to be omitted.  Last night, when Tyrion said "5 days away" I almost shit myself.  They have a lot to get ready in King's Landing in 5 days.
586	jlk7e	2012-05-14	edit: so was the jailer one of Karstark's sons?edit2: I guess he was, that's sort of stupid as a change but eh.Really?  Would you prefer that we are introduced to a Karstark who already has a grudge against Jaime?  Or that they had introduced Karstark last season just to have his son killed, and then had to awkwardly remind us of it now?  Changes like this are the kind that are absolutely necessary for an adaptation.  It was the only way to make Karstark's story work.
587	Mummer's wind	2012-05-14	Karstark's execution won't happen on the show, mark my words. He's served his purpose already expediting Jaime's release.
588	Evamitchelle	2012-05-14	On Cat/Jaime, it's possible this change works better than Cat releasing Jaime because she's heard about Bran and Rickon, instead of Cat betraying Robb, she's protecting his interests.  It makes the contrast between what she does and what Karstark is likely to do (kill a bunch of Lannister prisoners) much more...well...Starker.  Robb can't be a "just" king if he doesn't kill his mother for freeing a prisoner because of her kids, but then puts a man to death because of what he does after his kids have been killed.  Catelyn sending Jaime off before she finds out about Winterfell's latest news actually works better. Show Cat has been much shrewder than Book Cat. If Karstark kills Jaime, the Stark girls definitely die.  Cat is seen to be protecting Robb's interests and her own, when she could have easily just sought revenge.  Karstark is shown to have committed treason by directly going against Robb's orders and endangering Robb's family.Like when she advised Robb not to send Theon back to the Iron Islands, or asked him to petition for peace with the Lannisters, or told him to ally himself with Renly or Stannis. Oh wait, Show Cat did none of those things. Show Cat is completely incapable to taking any initiative, she exists only to react to all the interesting stuff other characters do, to give us a POV into "important king stuff" and to remind the audience that good mothers stay at home.
589	Isabella Stark	2012-05-14	Yes, having Catelyn freeing Jaime because Karstark is going to kill him makes sense. It just strips her of any agency she ever had, turning an active decision she made on her own into a passive reaction to someone else's plan. I could have accepted it if it had been a one time thing, but the trend since season 2 has been to take every idea Cat ever had in the books and to give it to someone else (usually a male character). As such you have Robb advising her to go to Renly, Tyrion and LF convincing her to release Jaime and Brienne commandeering their escape from Renly's tent and Renly's camp. All of those things should have come from Cat. Instead she spends half her scenes crying "I should be in Winterfell with my babies !!".I agree with you about the Robb sending her to Renly part, but disagree about the Jamie release.With regard to the Jamie release, I think tv-Cat is being smarter than book-Cat.I think releasing Jamie in response to a specific offer to trade him for the girls is smarter and more rational than sending him to Kings Landing on the assumption/ hope that the Lannisters will release her daughters.Book-Cat's decision was an emotional decision after the boys' apparent death, and I thought it was stupid.  Here, TV-Cat is rationally assessing the situation in Robb's camp and coming to the probably correct conclusion that Jamie won't last the night and she'll lose her bargaining chip.  Just because it's in response to Karstark's raging doesn't take her agency away.
590	arrowsmith	2012-05-14	Cersei is still kind of holding it together until Joff dies then she goes nuts, like any mother wouldâ<U+0080>¦ she realizes Joff is crazy, Tyrion mentioned the Targaryn line being 50/50 sane/insane since they were a product of brother and sisterâ<U+0080>¦
Jamie didn't let family get in his way, like Ned did
I hope they don't show any more Bran and Rickon until season 3, much better catalyst for Rob to hook up with Talisa/Jeyne and for Catelyn to chop off Jamie's hand. I don't know what redemption many of you are talking about for Jamie, he's totally depressed and can't hold a sword through the next few books, until his dyslexic ambidexterity kicks in and he starts messing stuff up left handed in the Winds of Winter bookâ<U+0080>¦
I don't mind the changes with Qarth, I thought the HoUD killing all the merchants was pretty wild and gruesome. Besides they were just using Dany to take over the city, Dany is once again a pawn in someone else's game.
do the Wildlings force Qhorin and Jon to a duel ?
I do wish it was 12 episodes this season
The chain could be interesting but I don't get the physics of a giant chain trapping 200 ships in a bay, I can suspend disbelief for dragons and zombies but giants chains border or farce, the Hell Fyre or whatever it's called is much more plausible
I am still holding out for Sam finding the dragonglass soon
591	jlk7e	2012-05-14	1) Catelyn should NOT release Jamie before she finds out about Bran and Rickon. The action of betraying Robb (which is what it is) only makes sense under the prism of her finding out about Bran and Rickon's death.In the context of what they're showing, it makes total sense for Catelyn to free Jaime.  If she doesn't release Jaime, he's going to be lynched by Karstark and those sympathetic to him before the sun rises.  To have any chance of getting her daughters back, freeing Jaime is the only thing to do.  In this context, I think it becomes less of a betrayal of Robb - Robb isn't there, and doesn't see the situation.  Robb wouldn't want Jaime lynched any more than Catelyn does.  Sending him off to King's Landing with Brienne is making the best of a bad situation.
592	Mr. E	2012-05-14	Like when she advised Robb not to send Theon back to the Iron Islands, or asked him to petition for peace with the Lannisters, or told him to ally himself with Renly or Stannis. Oh wait, Show Cat did none of those things. Show Cat is completely incapable to taking any initiative, she exists only to react to all the interesting stuff other characters do, to give us a POV into "important king stuff" and to remind the audience that good mothers stay at home.? Didn't she do at least two of these things?
593	Serr Parker	2012-05-14	I enjoyed it quite a bit, if you didn't know what was coming I could see a few people getting quite bored of it by now though, is there a website where you can check the screen time of people so far?
594	Robin Of House Hill	2012-05-14	I Don't understand this at all, just a Massive chain being lifted out of the ocean, a great WTF moment for the audience And it turns the tide of the battle.Didn't read the book?people need to calm down and enjoy the show for what it isthe ONLY PEOPLE who complain about the show are bookreaders. everyone i know who only watches the show CANNOT wait for the next week after each and every GoT episode. they have one complaint, and that is that the seasons are too short.I agree about the need to calm down.  The show cannot possibly cover all the things that were in the book.  Changes must be made to eliminate events and characters.  Yes, that would only upset those who read the book, because those didn't, don't know how goo it might have been.Oh and I almost forgot, those two bodies that were supposed to look like Bran and Rickon were bizzare. They could have at least make them not look like some plain dummies.Exactly what are bodies covered in tar with parts of limbs missing, supposed to look like?
					
					
							Edited by Robin Hill, 14 May 2012 - 10:58 AM.
595	blasted_saber	2012-05-14	HBO is listing Episode 20 (S2 EP10) on June 3rd.
596	Leia	2012-05-14	Exactly what are bodies covered in tar with parts of limbs missing, supposed to look like?Not like the dummies they used in the show /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> I don't know, they just looked silly to me, swinging in the wind and all.
597	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-14	lol the show only viewers could care less that Jaime is a "kinslayer". its never really been discussed hardcore in the show.Huh?  Surely the show-only viewers donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t care at all about Jaime being a kinslayer.  Why do you believe they do care?Gosh, what really YouTube-ish comments these days!
598	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-14	lol the show only viewers could care less that Jaime is a "kinslayer". its never really been discussed hardcore in the show.Huh?  Surely the show-only viewers donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t care at all about Jaime being a kinslayer.  Why do you believe they do care?Gosh, what really YouTube-ish comments these days!
599	Evamitchelle	2012-05-14	I agree with you about the Robb sending her to Renly part, but disagree about the Jamie release.With regard to the Jamie release, I think tv-Cat is being smarter than book-Cat.The two situations are quite different from one another, so I'm not sure it's possible to compare how Catelyn is being smarter in one rather than the other. Sure, in the show it makes sense that she'd free him now rather than after the news of her sons' deaths reach her, but that's not what happens in the books so there's a false equivalency there. In both cases she tries to make the best out of a bad situation, but in the book version she is taking the initiative while in the show version she is just responding to Karstark's impending threat. I think releasing Jamie in response to a specific offer to trade him for the girls is smarter and more rational than sending him to Kings Landing on the assumption/ hope that the Lannisters will release her daughters.Book-Cat's decision was an emotional decision after the boys' apparent death, and I thought it was stupid.  Here, TV-Cat is rationally assessing the situation in Robb's camp and coming to the probably correct conclusion that Jamie won't last the night and she'll lose her bargaining chip.  Just because it's in response to Karstark's raging doesn't take her agency away.Robb later admitted himself that he should have traded the girls for Jaime when he still had the chance. Even a Sansa-Jaime exchange would have been a great deal for the Starks. Sansa is extremely relevant, politically speaking, as the Lannisters and Tyrells quickly realize (and quickly take advantage of), while Jaime is completely useless. He can't be killed because the Lannisters have hostages of their own, but he can't be exchanged either because he's too important, and having him as a hostage does not in the least prevent Tywin from carrying out his plots. Sansa gives the Lannisters or Tyrells or whomever a claim to Winterfell, aka 1/7th of the kingdom. Exchanging her would have been the smart thing to do. Since Catelyn had no way of doing that earlier, she took it in her own hands in the only way she could. That doesn't make her actions stupid to me.
600	Serr Parker	2012-05-14	Also I thought Jamie's capture was too soon after he escaped, the capture scene was about 5 minutes after he escaped I would have preferred him to be caught trying to escape on the night and join the two scenes
601	Evamitchelle	2012-05-14	? Didn't she do at least two of these things?She tells Robb that Balon is not trustworthy, but she makes no mention of Theon being the envoy. In the books she agrees to having Robb send his offer to the Iron Islands, but she specifically tells him that anyone would be better than Theon as messenger. Robb is the one who has the idea to send someone to Renly's camp, while Catelyn was the first one to think of it (even before the Blackfish) and during the King in the North scene when she should have been pleading for peace she stays silent, not long after she tells Robb that "we will kill them all".
602	Tadco26	2012-05-14	This^  I completely agree now that there will definately not be any mention of the chain, or the chain itself for that matter.  I cannot believe that this piece is going to be omitted.  Last night, when Tyrion said "5 days away" I almost shit myself.  They have a lot to get ready in King's Landing in 5 days.This was an odd addition for the writers to make.  As far as I can recall this is the first mention of time involved with travel, so even though we can joke about Littlefinger teleporting from Renly's camp to Harrenhal, we don't know for sure how much time has supposedly passed.  But barring them saying Stannis has some how been delayed, we know that the events from that point in the episode to the attack in episode 9 = 5 days, which not only rules out the chain being started and completed, but also gives us a time measuring stick for every event in every other story line.   Which means that Tywin has to march his army from Harrenhal to King's Landing within 5 days if he is going to participate in day 1 of the battle of blackwater.  It will also give us a time frame on any other travel, raven delivery speeds, and events for next episode and up until the attack in episode 9.I don't really understand how anyone can say the chain was an unrealistic idea, chains have been attempted in real life for similar effect, such as the Hudson River Chain, the harbor of Constantinople,
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 14 May 2012 - 11:40 AM.
603	Isabella Stark	2012-05-14	I respect people's complaints and criticisms. I just think some people are getting ahead of themselves.  In the books, GRRM sows plot points well before the payoff.  In the tv show, it's been clear that they'd shortening the time between sowing of plot point and payoff. For example,It wouldn't work for Sansa to be discussing possible escape with Dontos already.  She doesn't escape until the Purple Wedding, which won't happen until the end of Season 3 at the earliest.  It would feel like really pointless television for her to spend over a season meeting Dontos in the Godswood and discussing possible escape.Yet, I've seen a lot of complaining that Sansa's not meeting Dontos in the Godswood, but barely any complaints of something we know has been cut- Dontos' efforts to assist Sansa when Joffrey has her beaten.It's not like the producers don't know where the story is going.  They know what has to happen.  They've read the later books and have some information about what's going to happen after book 5.So basically, it's way too soon to be complaining that Tyrion's chain has been cut eliminated (no pun intended).  There's plenty of time for the next episode to include Tyrion making last minute preparations for the defense of KL, or even during the battle to instruct someone to raise the chain, etc. If we get to the end of the Battle of Blackwater with no chain, I'm totally on board with complaining that the chain has been eliminated.  But for all we know, they'll (actually, GRRM, since he's writing that episode) have come up with some other ingenious method of defense.
604	Robin Of House Hill	2012-05-14	Not like the dummies they used in the show /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> I don't know, they just looked silly to me, swinging in the wind and all.They were hoisted from (I assume) lying on the ground, so some swinging motion would make sense.  I'll watch it again.
605	Mummer's wind	2012-05-14	Good point, Isabella. It might actually be fun to see another, different take on the battle from Mr. Martin.
606	Serr Parker	2012-05-14	I respect people's complaints and criticisms. I just think some people are getting ahead of themselves.  In the books, GRRM sows plot points well before the payoff.  In the tv show, it's been clear that they'd shortening the time between sowing of plot point and payoff.For example,It wouldn't work for Sansa to be discussing possible escape with Dontos already.  She doesn't escape until the Purple Wedding, which won't happen until the end of Season 3 at the earliest.  It would feel like really pointless television for her to spend over a season meeting Dontos in the Godswood and discussing possible escape.Yet, I've seen a lot of complaining that Sansa's not meeting Dontos in the Godswood, but barely any complaints of something we know has been cut- Dontos' efforts to assist Sansa when Joffrey has her beaten.It's not like the producers don't know where the story is going.  They know what has to happen.  They've read the later books and have some information about what's going to happen after book 5.So basically, it's way too soon to be complaining that Tyrion's chain has been cut eliminated (no pun intended).  There's plenty of time for the next episode to include Tyrion making last minute preparations for the defense of KL, or even during the battle to instruct someone to raise the chain, etc. If we get to the end of the Battle of Blackwater with no chain, I'm totally on board with complaining that the chain has been eliminated.  But for all we know, they'll (actually, GRRM, since he's writing that episode) have come up with some other ingenious method of defense.Maybe the chain is already in place and someone (maybe Varys we haven't seen a lot of him and Tryion) lets Tyrion know about it
607	Amythil	2012-05-14	I have only read the first book, so I know I should not really post here (taking a risk here) but I have a few questions about the series, and I would appreciate if someone took the time to enlighten me /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1: Is Tywin really as kind to Arya in the book? Do they even talk this much?
2: Do season 2 cover more than one book? I donÂ´t know why I get that impression...
3: How long time would you guess have passed since the end of season 1? I have no idea  how long time they spend in the camp between the battles, but it must be several weeks at least.
608	Jaxom 1974	2012-05-14	It is a difficult thing to divorce ones self from knowledge of material as rich as ASOIAF when dealing with a television adaptation.  I have tried to approach each and every episode looking at it in two ways.  1. How does the show do as a whole, independent entity?  2. How does my knowledge of the source effect how I think about the show?  I like to think that I'm smart enough, versed enough in pop culture and the general sense of the way television adaptations work, that I can do both.The reader in me rails at a lot of the general changes in that I think that things may have worked as well to keep certain threads from the story intact that may not have kept viewers who haven't read the books away.However, as a whole, it's a solid solid show.  Grand.  Big.  Heavy.  But it's still very well done.  I can see that.  I can, and do, enjoy it immensely.  Especially since it can be kind of fun to try to out guess where the hell the show creators want to go with the material they've taken and changed so heavily.So, I try to couch my comments on the idea that the show is it's own entity and how is it working?  Though I freely acknowledge that the books and knowledge from there intrudes on some of it.HA! I called Jon Snow getting "blue balls" last week and Ygritte confirms. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> It was a good scene between the two because while her teasing is fun, it re-established Jon's vows and shows the diiferences bewteen the Watch and the Free People.The deviation from the end of ACOK here is stark (no pun intended).  While the actor playing Ygritte is wonderful (how folks have decided she's "hot" when she's that bundled up...), the scenes themselves aren't working as well as they could for me.  They're getting to the same point that the books did, but to take away Jon's interactions with Qhorin and the others as they race through the Frost Fangs, seems to lessen the impact of contrast.  Jon goes on the ranging with one set of ideas about the Wildings in his mind.  From Qhorin, he not only learns there is more to it than that, but it is also a strong reaffirmation of what it is to truly be a Brother of the Night's Watch.  This makes the sacrafice of the others as they try to get back to the Wall, the sitting about the fire saying the oath again, much more powerful and gives some proper context to Jon's orders from Qhorin and his subsequent actions in ASOS.This is an instance where I don't know that the change works as well. Other Changes: The timing (and therefore reason) of Cat freeing Jaime. In the books, she learns that two of her sons (Bran and Rickon) are "Dead" and in a fit of motherly rage(?), she frees Jaime in order to broker a deal with the imp to free her daughters.In the show, she does it before learning of Bran and Rickon, and does so because she knows Jaime will be killed (Which would spell the deaths her daughters, without a doubt). So, I don't have a problem with it. Both choices were fueled by motherly tendencies, and so the basis is intact. It just makes her a little worse, cause she doesn't have the excuse of grief.From a book standpoint, moving the scene with Jaime and Cat here was a mis-step.  Not knowing about Bran and Rickon means that Cat is freeing the Kingslayer (if that's what she's doing) to save his life.  I acknowledge that it makes sense that she needs him alive to ensure the life of her daughters, but thinking her sons are gone really amps the drama of the scene. From a pure show stand point, the escape attempt tracks.  Though it seemed a little high handed to have Jaime kill the relative.  It is as if they needed to remind the audience that he's still technically a bad guy.  I think it may have worked better if the attempt had been part of a Tyrion plot, as in the books, but this still works.  Having a Karstark killed still works.  The alteration of having Catelyn confront Rickard Karstark sort of works.Theon's scenes - He's really a great actor, though I imagine everyone who haven't read the books are really going to be calling for his blood after this episode. One thing I will say is that it could have been slightly more obvious who the hanging bodies were supposed to be â<U+0080><U+0094> Both my father and my friend, who haven't read the books, asked me who the hanging, charred bodies were, because he never really says their names. I had to deadpan and say Bran and Rickon without giving up any spoilers. That was REALLY difficult, I'm not the best at poker.So much of Theon's ACOK scenes have been used in the Winterfell arc.  I can see the GRRM dialogue as the characters are saying the lines.  Sure, some aspects have been changed, but it's still the strong wording and context that is there...UNTIL we get to the chase in the woods.  I know we're still getting Ramsay Snow/Bolton based on the earlier episode, but changing the bit with the orphans to being essentially Theon's idea?  It just doesn't track with the character that has been portrayed.  Theon on the show, as in the books, is so desparate to be accepted for who he believes he is, he's always been easily manipulated by stronger personalities (which is why his POVs are sometimes hard to read and why his road to redemptions/realization in ADWD is as strong as it is).  Here, if using the unseen orphans was Dagmar's idea, it didn't come through clearly, and even if it had, this Dagmar is underutilized to make him seem inconsequential. Yes, changing it to be Theon's idea is a drastic departure from the books, but it's also a drastic departure from the show as well, as Theon on the show has never actually shown any ability for thinking on his feet in such a manner, nor has he shown any kind of evil streak.  Petty and cruel in a kicking puppies kind of way, but never evil.Yes, there was some kind of something or other between Roose and Jeyne when he left.  I can't quite say what it was...a recognition of some kind?  Not sure.Does it matter?  There's been too little shown on the show to establish a proper chain of events that will lead to Roose's defection/betrayal.  That he's still with Robb, rather than at Harrenhall really does lessen some of the impact.  Just my opinion on that one though.I remain neutral on the Dany stuff until I see how they go about it.  I still predict a very tepid House of the Undying, as any images she gets will not be of the prophetic Red Wedding type, or flashbacks to Rhaegar as that would make no sense to anyone as they've barely talked about him or the significance of the Song of Ice and Fire.  As a whole with regard to the show, it's working (for the most part), though other than Jorah and that one Dothraki guard we see at the top of the stair in her first scene last night, is there anyone left with her?The Theon scenes (kinda like in book 5) are owning.
609	The Flaying Man	2012-05-14	I have only read the first book, so I know I should not really post here (taking a risk here) but I have a few questions about the series, and I would appreciate if someone took the time to enlighten me /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />1: Is Tywin really as kind to Arya in the book? Do they even talk this much?2: Do season 2 cover more than one book? I donÂ´t know why I get that impression...3: How long time would you guess have passed since the end of season 1? I have no idea  how long time they spend in the camp between the battles, but it must be several weeks at least.Since you're taking a risk, as you said yourself, I'll keep it spoiler free. I'm by no means an expert, but here I go:1. Tywin and Arya never even come into direct contact in the book, she acts as another character's cupbearer after Tywin leaves Harrenhal.2. The bulk of the season roughly covers book 2, although there are elements from book 3 included, such as certain scenes in Robb's camp (Riverrun in the books)3. I honestly have no definite idea, but my rough guess would be about 2 months?
					
					
							Edited by A_Man, 14 May 2012 - 11:43 AM.
610	Katydid	2012-05-14	I agree about the need to calm down.  The show cannot possibly cover all the things that were in the book.  Changes must be made to eliminate events and characters.  True, some changes are necessary, some are fine, and some even add good stuff to the story; some changes are frivilous, stupid and pointless.  And those are the ones I rail against.For example, I had no problem with them consolidating the scene where Arya frees Jaqen, Yoren is killed, and Arya & Gendry are taken captive and sent to Harrenhal.  In the book, nothing of huge significance happens while Arya, Gendry & Co are on the run before taken by the Mountain's gang, so why not get them on to Harrenhal that much quicker?I do, however, have a problem with Ros the non!canon whore sucking up valuable screentime, when we already have precious little of it to go around. I have a problem with Joffrey having whores beat each other just to show us how ZOMG!EVYL he is, when we just saw him have Sansa stripped and beaten in the middle of the Hall.  He's a douche.  We get it. What's infuriating about things like that, to me, is that Jaime's canon!escape attempt could have been a quick scene included in that episode, instead of Joffrey's nonsense. That way, Jaime wouldn't have been off-screen for 5 full episodes.My $.02.
611	Isabella Stark	2012-05-14	The two situations are quite different from one another, so I'm not sure it's possible to compare how Catelyn is being smarter in one rather than the other. Sure, in the show it makes sense that she'd free him now rather than after the news of her sons' deaths reach her, but that's not what happens in the books so there's a false equivalency there. In both cases she tries to make the best out of a bad situation, but in the book version she is taking the initiative while in the show version she is just responding to Karstark's impending threat.Robb later admitted himself that he should have traded the girls for Jaime when he still had the chance. Even a Sansa-Jaime exchange would have been a great deal for the Starks. Sansa is extremely relevant, politically speaking, as the Lannisters and Tyrells quickly realize (and quickly take advantage of), while Jaime is completely useless. He can't be killed because the Lannisters have hostages of their own, but he can't be exchanged either because he's too important, and having him as a hostage does not in the least prevent Tywin from carrying out his plots. Sansa gives the Lannisters or Tyrells or whomever a claim to Winterfell, aka 1/7th of the kingdom. Exchanging her would have been the smart thing to do. Since Catelyn had no way of doing that earlier, she took it in her own hands in the only way she could. That doesn't make her actions stupid to me. I think the hostage exchange issue was always complicated for the Starks. On the one hand, it seems obvious to consider trading the girls for Jamie.  (For that reason, I wasn't bothered that the offer came from Tyrion via Littlefinger as opposed to Cat.  I just didn't think it was a uniquely brilliant idea.)  On the other hand, for wartime, Jamie, a skilled knight and battle commander, is a much more immediate asset than Sansa and Arya. Sansa's value as a hostage only raises after all of her brothers die.  Until then, her claim to Winterfell is 4th in line. I may have overstated book-Cat's decision to release Jamie as "stupid," but I still think it was an emotional decision that wasn't very well thought out.  She had no guarantee that the Lannisters would release her daughters in exchange or that, given there's a civil war going on, that Jamie would reach Kings landing or the girls would reach Riverrun/ Winterfell.I don't think Cat's taking any more or less initiative in the show than in the book, on this particular point.  In the book she was responding to the apparent death of her sons.Like I said before, I agree with you on your argument that other of Cat's politically astute advice and decisions have come from other characters.  I just think that in this episode, she's seemed a lot shrewder.
612	Frumpus	2012-05-14	Karstark's execution won't happen on the show, mark my words. He's served his purpose already expediting Jaime's release.I agree with this. There's no sense in having him executed now, especially when we were never introduced to the other Lannisters that Karstark's men murders. I doubt Richard Karstark will show up again on the show, he'll be Greatjon'd off.
613	Frumpus	2012-05-14	Karstark's execution won't happen on the show, mark my words. He's served his purpose already expediting Jaime's release.I agree with this. There's no sense in having him executed now, especially when we were never introduced to the other Lannisters that Karstark's men murders. I doubt Richard Karstark will show up again on the show, he'll be Greatjon'd off.
614	UncertainPerson	2012-05-14	Huh?  Surely the show-only viewers donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t care at all about Jaime being a kinslayer.  Why do you believe they do care?Gosh, what really YouTube-ish comments these days!i said they dont care....but i get the sense your being sarcastic, although i havent been on this forum long enough to find the "style" of how people post thingspeople need to get over it about jaime killing alton. its not a complete game changer about his sudden "revival" into a "better" person later.the way some of you flip out over changes from the book....cant be good for your stress levels, relax and enjoy the sowThe biggest problem ive had so far with the adaptation of the showunnecessary sex, yes, GRRM has a lot of sex in the books, but in the brothel it all seems a huge waste of screen time. i dont care about ros, i know Joff is evil, we get the point. stop wasting time with itlast comment: we need to let the season finish before judging it completely.for example, jon snow right now is in an awkward position. as a reader of the books, i dont know whats going to happen, but im willing to give the writers a chance to explain what happens to him in the next 3 episodes, rather than complain about how different this is and what happens with the halfhand.......let it play out and THEN judge, same with Dany and her lost dragons
					
					
							Edited by UncertainPerson, 14 May 2012 - 11:55 AM.
615	Hot Pie Targaryen	2012-05-14	I didn't see this mentioned but there was a lot to read through so here's my question: does anybody think that the guy lying face down with Quaithe was Euron? She says he's headed to Valyria. I'm not sure about my timeline, but given what's about to go down at the HOTU, Euron will be capturing some of those warlocks soon.
616	Stanmore	2012-05-14	I mean the chain itself would look horrible.  It makes no sense, and while you can get away with that in print, on film it's tough.  More scenes with Tyrion scheming would be welcome here!What is it about the chain that doesn't make any sense? Chains have been used to block ships from rivers for pretty much all of history. It's not something GRRM just made up.Here's one example from  the Revolutionary war:  http://en.wikipedia....son_River_Chain and another from the American  Civil war http://www.saveastor...sippi_river.htmThere's countless others if you look for them.
617	timstanton	2012-05-14	1: Is Tywin really as kind to Arya in the book? Do they even talk this much?2: Do season 2 cover more than one book? I donÂ´t know why I get that impression..3: How long time would you guess have passed since the end of season 1? I have no idea how long time they spend in the camp between the battles, but it must be several weeks at least. A1: Tywin and Arya never talk in the books and Tywin isnt really nice to anyone, that has been the point of contention for a lot of reader/viewers. Although in my opinion, I think Tywin is smart and knows what he is doing, he clearly knows shes a noble and just because he's a dick, doesn't mean he doesn't like conversation, especially when it always pertains to how much of a badass he is(all he ever does to arya is brag and tell her what to do.)A2: season 2 is basically the second book, but they have taken some many more liberties this season as opposed to 1, that its really hard to say. the writers have said from the beginning, since the books were written from a POV perspective, its inevitable for some stuff from all books to run together. for example, at the end of season one, they were showing some stuff that was in book 2 with arya. there are tons of other examples. basically they are just trying to tell the story the best they can. A3: it was my impression that no time really had "passed." like i said, since its written in the POV style, it really depends on the chapter youre reading, but they basically pick up where the other left off.as far as cat releasing jaime without the news of the boys deaths. I re-watched the episode and they wrote it in a way that made sense. When cat walks up jaime says something along the lines of "you came to see me on my last night alive" and the guards specifically tell cat that he wont last the night, brienne also notes it. I think it makes sense for her to release him on the pretense that he is worthless dead, so she might as well try to get something. i also think that she might have cut off his hand, since its entirely possible that they cut out the brave companions completely, although i think it would be an injustice to brienne and jaime to not show them fight, it really said a lot about both characters IMO. this is my first post, my grammar is terrible, and im sorry.  
					
					
							Edited by timstanton, 14 May 2012 - 12:00 PM.
618	Maester Hodor	2012-05-14	My only problem with this episode is that it's very obvious that Bran and Rickon are alive still.
When you read ACOK for the first time I think GRRM did a good job putting doubt in your head and making you think that maybe they are really dead. I watched that episode with 2 of my friends who never read the books, and they both thought it was very obvious right away that Bran and Rickon were alive still.
					
					
							Edited by Maester Hodor, 14 May 2012 - 12:00 PM.
619	Versiroth	2012-05-14	"That way, Jaime wouldn't have been off-screen for 5 full episodes."He's been in a prison the whole time... what kind of scenes would you have liked?
620	Gloria	2012-05-14	I haven't read this entire thread, so I apoligize if this has been discussed already.  What do you guys think Tywin is up to with Arya?  It's clear that he knows she's not a common girl ("If you're going to pose as lowborn...").  Who does he think she is?  How many highborn noble Northern girls could there be running around who have need to pose as common boys?  Does he know she had been bound for the Night's Watch before?  Originally I thought he just took a liking to her because she was smart; now I think he knows he has something of value, but I can't figure out why he'd let her have the run of the castle if he thought she could be used.  Even if she were only a minor lord's daughter, I doubt Tywin would let the opportunity to collect a ransom escape.  Could Tywin recognize her as a Stark?  She *is* supposed to be the spitting image of Lyanna.
621	timstanton	2012-05-14	the fact that they have possibly omitted the chain annoys me because i think it really speaks to tyrion winning the battle of blackwater. I am hoping that it is going to be something that comes up this week and it will have been something tyrion had been working on for a while in secret. :dunno:
622	timstanton	2012-05-14	I haven't read this entire thread, so I apoligize if this has been discussed already. What do you guys think Tywin is up to with Arya? It's clear that he knows she's not a common girl ("If you're going to pose as lowborn..."). Who does he think she is? How many highborn noble Northern girls could there be running around who have need to pose as common boys? Does he know she had been bound for the Night's Watch before? Originally I thought he just took a liking to her because she was smart; now I think he knows he has something of value, but I can't figure out why he'd let her have the run of the castle if he thought she could be used. Even if she were only a minor lord's daughter, I doubt Tywin would let the opportunity to collect a ransom escape. Could Tywin recognize her as a Stark? She *is* supposed to be the spitting image of Lyanna. i think its possible that he knows she is arya and knows her value. maybe littlefinger (who i think knew) told him. i think its possible that arya will find out that tywin knows who she is and it might lead to her eventual departure from harrenhall? i am intrigued by this storyline none the less. Like ThisQuoteMultiQuote
623	Thwacker	2012-05-14	I like the changes to the Dany story line, which was boring in the books.  I think that stripping her of her extended family is moving her from words to action. 
I find the changes to the Jon story line a little troubling as it just seems to be leading up to his sympathy for the oppressed free folk when he remains a brother at heart throughout, but found the Ygritte scenes charming.
I am operating on the theory that Talisa is a Lannister spy: her talk with Rob was at the strategy table.  On the other hand, it seems like he might be winning her over.
Love watching all of the scenes with Arya and Tywin, but feel they are off track.
I did like Cersei's speech to Sansa, which seems to indicate to me that Cersei knows that Joffrey is a losing cause.
624	Thwacker	2012-05-14	One thing I didn't like was Shae pulling a knife on the handmaiden; that's just dumb.Indeed, what was the point of that?  Even with the Hound, how would that ever have been effective?  Have to assume it will expose her to Cersei and perhaps Cersei beats her rather than Alayaya?
625	A Stark in Salem	2012-05-14	I liked this one better than last week's, but I really wish I could like it more. So loved the first season, but this one is just too much for 10 episodes. Way to much. The writers are leaving out threads in the books that really suck the flavor out of the story. First, the crypts were already mentioned- maybe not major in itself but it combined an important set of details. One of the coolest things IMO of the whole escape sequence was having the two dire wolves go off and leave a bunch of confusing paths for Theon and friends to run around chasing. So now it's like Theon actually just gives up chasing them down even though they are on horses? OK- pretty lame, though it makes him killing the Miller's kids looks even more cruel and pointless I admit. And what is up with Jon? Seriously, where the F is Ghost!? He's with him the entire time he's beyond the wall, save for hunting for a few hours! The only time he's separated a bit is because he has to climb up that huge cliff, which didn't happen in the show anyway. He's definitely with him by the time he meet's Rattleshirt. Maybe Ghost will be another surprise appearance in the nick of time but it doesn't show much of the connection they have, whcih by then in novel is only getting deeper. Actually the whole Ygritte thing is kind of annoying in general. She doesn't seem that tough, speaks too well, and Jon looks like an idiot letting her escape twice. And again, the rest of the rangers surely would have tracked them down and met up way before a whole day had gone by.I still don't really get the stolen dragons thing either, though it seems likely the story line will be resolved pretty much the same way it did in the book I guess.I don't mind the Tywin/Arya thing that much, though she seems to be getting less clever minute by minute. Now she's bragging the to leader of all she hates about her history knowledge, and yet expects to be taken for a mason's daughter? OK.... I forget who got that speech about My Lord/M'lord. was it actually her, or someone else? And why do we never get to see her sword (Needle work) training in secret as it mentions maybe 100 times in the books? It's key to her thirst for vengeance and hatred for what's happened to her and her family. I still like seeing her thread but it's not as interesting.
626	awesome possum	2012-05-14	What bothers me is that people are shocked that an adaptation of a book made changes from the source material.  I don't care about people talking about it, but the people who are acting apalled or shocked over it is a bit much.You're absolutely right.  If Dany had hatched winged badgers instead of dragons, well, that's just part of the adaptation.  Deal with it. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />I don't know when you came to this series, but some of us have been with this story and characters for most of our adult lives.  I first read Game and Clash 13 years ago.  I eagerly anticipated Storm coming out and waited every agonizing year for Feast and then Dance.  I've known the story and characters since I was 19 years old, have read the books countless times - I literally have lost track of how many times.  At least once a year, and that's even after Feast and my disappointment in GRRM's dicking around. So seeing something as jarring (and in my opinion - stupid) as Jon taking Ygritte captive and then himself getting captured by the Wildlings is something I'm fucking entitled to be shocked and appalled about.  I like some changes, I love a few others, and haven't been bothered by any others.  Except this one.  It's dumb.  And I have every right to come here and express that.  So does anyone else no matter what gripe or opinion they have. In closing, piss off with the "durr adaptation durr you can't complain here because you not fan if you complain durrrrrr"
627	MarianneSnow	2012-05-14	Jon and Ygritte wandering all over the place for the sake of some nice scenery and endless childish sex talk.  Meaningless filler.  And Ghost has conveniently disappeared.II never really know how to feel after the episodes with all the unneccessary additions and scenes and then they go and have Jon and Ygritte traipsing around with NO GHOST???  My poor husband watches with me and I go off on a tangent.  About Ghost!!!!It just seems so trivial with all the other wackyness that is going on.
628	Katydid	2012-05-14	"That way, Jaime wouldn't have been off-screen for 5 full episodes ."He's been in a prison the whole time... what kind of scenes would you have liked? Read the rest of my post re: bumping up the escape attempt a few episodes. Rather than putting all 3 of Jaime's scenes into this episode, and rather than Joffrey & Da Hors, Jaime's escape attempt could've come in an earlier ep.  For example.
629	Lord Martin Stark	2012-05-14	I have some problems with the adaption especially concerning Robb as he was my fav in the book but on the whole i love the show. Will talk more about it when have time maybe
just want to add I think i have a crush on Ygritte.....she is sexy.
And i get a big smile on my face whenever Hodor says "Hodor". Love the way he says it
630	timstanton	2012-05-14	does anyone know if the brotherhood with out banners are going to get any screen time? dondarion was in season 1 and they have mentioned them three times now. why would they do that if they are going to omit them? anyone have any insider knowledge?
631	Mercurial	2012-05-14	True, some changes are necessary, some are fine, and some even add good stuff to the story; some changes are frivilous, stupid and pointless.  And those are the ones I rail against.For example, I had no problem with them consolidating the scene where Arya frees Jaqen, Yoren is killed, and Arya & Gendry are taken captive and sent to Harrenhal.  In the book, nothing of huge significance happens while Arya, Gendry & Co are on the run before taken by the Mountain's gang, so why not get them on to Harrenhal that much quicker?I do, however, have a problem with Ros the non!canon whore sucking up valuable screentime, when we already have precious little of it to go around.I have a problem with Joffrey having whores beat each other just to show us how ZOMG!EVYL he is, when we just saw him have Sansa stripped and beaten in the middle of the Hall.  He's a douche.  We get it. What's infuriating about things like that, to me, is that Jaime's canon!escape attempt could have been a quick scene included in that episode, instead of Joffrey's nonsense. That way, Jaime wouldn't have been off-screen for 5 full episodes.My $.02.Can't disagree with any of this. I could add to it, certainly, but my overall issue is theremoval of things from the book that I loved and that I consider important to make room for the addition of things that, at this point, seem superfluous and out of step with the rest of the series that adheres more closely to the book.Its not a matter of thinking 'Jaime/Littlefinger/Cersei didn't say that', its a matter of thinking that 'Jaimie/Littlefinger/Cersei wouldn't have said that'.
632	Flint	2012-05-14	does anyone know if the brotherhood with out banners are going to get any screen time? dondarion was in season 1 and they have mentioned them three times now. why would they do that if they are going to omit them? anyone have any insider knowledge?The Brotherhood don't make an appearance until SoS so I don't think we'll see them this season.
633	Stanmore	2012-05-14	does anyone know if the brotherhood with out banners are going to get any screen time? dondarion was in season 1 and they have mentioned them three times now. why would they do that if they are going to omit them? anyone have any insider knowledge?I think they'll have to bring them in at some point. Lady Stoneheart needs followers. Actually, without Dondarion there can't be a Lady Stoneheart  at all can there?
					
					
							Edited by Stanmore, 14 May 2012 - 12:42 PM.
634	timstanton	2012-05-14	"I think they'll have to bring them in at some point. Lady Stoneheart needs followers. Actually, without Dondarion there can't be a Lady Stoneheart at all can there?"100% true. i guess i should have clarified, I didn't really mean this season particularly. I am hoping they get a full fleshed story, as it was one of my favorite things in all the books. I also hope that season 3 or 3.5 or 4 end with the reveal of zombie cat like in SoS, that was an awesome thing to read.
					
					
							Edited by timstanton, 14 May 2012 - 12:48 PM.
635	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-14	Just saw the episode. So far I was happy with the way they were doing things but now it's getting out of hand. It feels like the plot barely moved. I cringed many times at changes and how the episode seemed a big Lannister-charm offensive at times. So far the changes had been okay with me but right now some of them just seem irreversible to me. How is Daeny going to meet Xaro Xoan Daxos again later when he already betrays her like this now? Not, I guess. Okay then. Wasn't the way Jon joined up with the wildlings pivotal to his story? How is he going to win their trust now? Jeez. Jaime admitted he f-d Cersei, what the hell is going on? Cersei is admitting Joffry is a monster, what the hell is going on? Kit Harington has destroyed the image of Jon I had, I'm sorry, I tried to like him but he's a disappointment, although I realize the writers are to blame for this rather than the actor. The Mountain looks ridiculous! Bonus points for a couple of good laughs involving Brienne though: the quote already listed above when Cat says her name, how sternly she took Jaime's remarks, and most of all her conversation with the announcement guy who burst into the tent. When she bit 'man' at him I really lost it. So eh, I won't give up hope 'cos this is only the first episode that made me cringe but I hope the next episode will ring a few more bells rather than fall into irrelevant dialogue that isn't based on anything.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 14 May 2012 - 12:55 PM.
636	boojam	2012-05-14	Note to David Benioff and D.B. Weiss: For God's Sake stop using Ian Whyte as Ser Gregor Clegane! The camera even looks as if it's trying to hide him! Plus his voice sounds dubbed. He's a great White Walker. Send him north!We don't even need the Mountain in this Season. As for the carping about about Emilia Clarke. She seemed fine to me in The North Remembers and The Night Lands (Alan Taylor directed those, but went by lightning fast!) (After all Clarke was one of the surprise stars of last year)... the I lay the problems at Benioff and Weiss's feet, it's their baby. Nothing wrong with Dany becoming more assertive, I thought George didn't do enough of this in the novel. But why does she have to spiel such fire and brimstone when she is smart enough to know she does not have an army and the dragons are too small to be effective? Logic is taking a holiday within her dialog. That's the teleplay writer's job.With Gemma Whelan (if we really see her again) and Carice van Houten it's take on character, demeanor and projection... I don't blame it on the actresses. Tho lately van Houten has been given some better latitude.From here on out it's Alan Taylor and the well regarded Neil Marshal.And George and D&D , maybe the next three teleplays will fix all sins?
637	byironnotbygold	2012-05-14	Ygritte actress is pretty good to me.  When my wife came down and saw her on the TV, she said "You're watching Downton Abbey without me?"  LOL   Same actress, not quite the same role....or world for that matter.
638	Knight of Ashes	2012-05-14	I'm glad someone agrees.  I've taken most of the changes in stride.  You know, as long as it leads to the same end.  It's kept things fresh for those of us familiar with the story and while I don't always agree with the changes, they still work.  But this one has me flustered.  Jaime's my favorite character after all!  I cannot imagine him actually doing this.  Yeah, he's done some horrible stuff.  I'll never deny that.  But this specifically felt entirely out of character for him.  He just... isn't all scheming like that.  After reading book three and four, I kind of started viewing book two, in regards to Jaime, as kind of a cooling off period.  You hate him so much in the first book, but then you barely see him in the second, and in the one scene he's in, he doesn't really do anything besides mock Cat (which is kind of funny) and relate a story that makes his killing of Aerys more understandable.  I'm not saying that this is what makes him likable, but all the time away from him helps to cool the anger one feels towards him.  Now it's just been rekindled all over again!  I was already worried that his redemption might not get across so well on television as it did in the books.  Now I'm more concerned than ever.  I immediately told my brother who was watching the show with me that Jaime did NOT do that in the books.  My parents who have also read them were also annoyed.Yeah, I haven't minded a lot of the changes they've made but it's quite different if it's one's favorite character.  They seem to be going in the opposite direction with Jaime (more villainous) and Cersei (more sympathetic).  I shall adjust to it if I must 'cause I enjoy some of the reinterpretations.  Though, non-book readers are missing out on Ultra-cold Tywin, whispery Roose etc. but at least they're spared bat-shit crazy Cersei.
639	Katydid	2012-05-14	Jeez. Jaime admitted he f-d Cersei, what the hell is going on?Actually, that's canon, taken straight from the book - from his conversation w/Cat:Not knowing how long this game might continue, Catelyn wasted no time. â<U+0080><U+009C>Are you Joffreyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s father?â<U+0080><U+009D>â<U+0080><U+009C>You would never ask unless you knew the answer.â<U+0080><U+009D>â<U+0080><U+009C>I want it from your own lips.â<U+0080><U+009D>He shrugged. â<U+0080><U+009C>Joffrey is mine. As are the rest of Cerseiâ<U+0080><U+0099>s brood, I suppose.â<U+0080><U+009D>â<U+0080><U+009C>You admit to being your sisterâ<U+0080><U+0099>s lover?â<U+0080><U+009D>â<U+0080><U+009C>Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve always loved my sister, and you owe me two answers. Do all my kin still live?â<U+0080><U+009D><SNIP>His smile cut. â<U+0080><U+009C>Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve never lain with any woman but Cersei. In my own way, I have been truer than your Ned ever was.
640	Mummer's wind	2012-05-14	Perhaps Jamie's even-more-villainous TV persona will set him up for an even stronger redemption arc. 
That said, why the hell would he kill Cleos when beating him up would accomplish the same goal?
641	mpbarnes	2012-05-14	why the hell would he kill Cleos when beating him up would accomplish the same goal?Actually it wouldn't, he'd have another person to worry about, either having to take him along, or yelling out to call even more guards.  All he needed was a quick distraction and enough noise to bring the Karstark kid into the cell...pure Jaime.
642	Ser Hippie	2012-05-14	Really?  Would you prefer that we are introduced to a Karstark who already has a grudge against Jaime?  Or that they had introduced Karstark last season just to have his son killed, and then had to awkwardly remind us of it now?  Changes like this are the kind that are absolutely necessary for an adaptation.  It was the only way to make Karstark's story work.Karstark was introduced last season in the "King in the North" scene, actually, he just wasn't named to the non-reader audience from what I remember.Anyway, I didn't find Torrhen Karstark dying to be the problem, I just found it strange that they had him acting as a prison guard. It has nothing to do with the books vs. TV show adaptation argument that other people are having, it just didn't make sense to me that a highborn man would be doing a common soldier's job. I'd have preferred if he died, say, catching Jaime during the escape, even offscreen.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 14 May 2012 - 01:54 PM.
643	servethe_Realm	2012-05-14	yeah I actually fell asleep during this episode and I am a rabid fan! Cant even really recall anything from it, I'll have to re-watch with eyes wide open. The fast cut scenes are killing me. and I want more San/San!
644	Stanmore	2012-05-14	Actually it wouldn't, he'd have another person to worry about, either having to take him along, or yelling out to call even more guards.  All he needed was a quick distraction and enough noise to bring the Karstark kid into the cell...pure Jaime.So he should have beaten him senseless then. Having Jaime set out to kill him was for added shock value, nothing more.
645	Knight of Ashes	2012-05-14	non-book readersErr, I meant viewers who haven't red the books.
					
					
							Edited by Knight of Ashes, 14 May 2012 - 01:57 PM.
646	DirtyRobes	2012-05-14	Didn't read the book?If you read the aforementioned quote, the lack of understanding is in relation to the Other Posters statement about it being horrible to shoot on-screen. Which imo is crazy, just a shot of a giant chain being made or a mention from someone about the blacksmiths being held up by the hand. Also I think its clear that ive read them.It also seems that atleast a few people here think this is actually an implausible thing or that it just couldn't work. This is actually a Real military defense tactic from the middle ages to protect harbor's from invading ships.In the Blackwater its effectiveness was due to after it being decimated by wildfire, whatever ships that might have survived(however intact) to possibly run ashore or even to escape to fight another day, were ripped to shreds & those resulting deaths would have been catastrophic.
647	PrinceRhaegar	2012-05-14	I liked episode very much, but what got me worried is that i cried in Tyrion & Cersei scene. o.O
I also cried at last scene, but that was to be expected, coz it was so emotinal.
I also liked Jaime's escape & confrontation with Cat, Pyat Pree & Co, Jorah visiting Quaithe, and Yiggrite.
Iceland and Harenhall view were stunning.
Cant wait for the next episode.
648	BlackTalon	2012-05-14	yes, the scenes are so short ... it gets really noticeable.
I am not so sure what to make of the new Mountain. He is definitely less impressive than the guy from season one, but from the little I saw of S1 Mountain I got the impression he was a truly horrible actor. That cartoon glower when he opened hs visor to bow before king Robert, and how he shouted "sword" and thenstomped off at the end of that scene ... it all seemed so artificial and affected. Might be the new Mountain was the better choice.
649	Darth Visenya	2012-05-14	I loved the scene between Arya and Tywin this week, they are great.
650	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-14	Actually, that's canon, taken straight from the book - from his conversation w/Cat:Not knowing how long this game might continue, Catelyn wasted no time. â<U+0080><U+009C>Are you Joffreyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s father?â<U+0080><U+009D>â<U+0080><U+009C>You would never ask unless you knew the answer.â<U+0080><U+009D>â<U+0080><U+009C>I want it from your own lips.â<U+0080><U+009D>He shrugged. â<U+0080><U+009C>Joffrey is mine. As are the rest of Cerseiâ<U+0080><U+0099>s brood, I suppose.â<U+0080><U+009D>â<U+0080><U+009C>You admit to being your sisterâ<U+0080><U+0099>s lover?â<U+0080><U+009D>â<U+0080><U+009C>Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve always loved my sister, and you owe me two answers. Do all my kin still live?â<U+0080><U+009D><SNIP>His smile cut. â<U+0080><U+009C>Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve never lain with any woman but Cersei. In my own way, I have been truer than your Ned ever was. Under pressure, yes, it makes less sense he would simply decide to admit it by himself to make an argument to defend his honour (I f- my sister, har har, look at me I so honorable) when Cat hasn't even posed the question. There was more trouble with the dialogue, for instanceTheon: "After all, it's only just a game!" No, no it's not! In the next scene you're explaining to Luwin how important this whole thing is to you!Brienne: "Threatening my lady is an act of treason!" When did Karstark threaten her? It should've been 'insulting my King is an act of treason' since he was referring to Robb. No, they've done a good job so far but a large part of this episode bugs me, and mostly not for these little things I've mentioned.
651	Mr. E	2012-05-14	It also seems that atleast a few people here think this is actually an implausible thing or that it just couldn't work. This is actually a Real military defense tactic from the middle ages to protect harbor's from invading ships..I, too, am a bit nonplussed by people saying the chain's implausible. Hell, the United States used a chain boom in its Revolution! It was stretched out across the Hudson where the U.S. Military Academy at West Point stands today. They only fell out of efficacy when, you know, metal ships driven by something other than oars and wind took over naval tactics.
652	Princess of the Night	2012-05-14	I hate what they did to Jamie. When he killed his cousin to get away, after that talk. That's definitely not Jamie. But they did change quite a few characters, compared to those in books, so..
I love Arya and Tywin! I really do! These two are my favorite characters in the books, and I love what they did in the show. It's perfect.
Oh, and Jon and Ygritte, it was perfect. I didn't really like her in the books, but they are amazing together. Great performances!
Oh, and Shae! I never liked her, but after what she did for Sansa.. I don't know, but that was nice.
653	Isabella Stark	2012-05-14	That's really interesting that the chain boom was a real military strategy.
I'm inclined to think we will have The Chain. In the episode where Theon arrives at Pike, you see a chain being raised across the harbor (in the background of a Theon scene).  Foreshadowing I think.
654	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-14	It'll probably be used as a surprise to viewers as well. Like, the wildfire's innefective, the chain raises and catches ships on it so they can't move, the wildfire becomes effective and Tyrion gets the credit (at least from the audience...).
655	Ser Wun Wun	2012-05-14	This is a long thread, so my apologies if this has already been brought up.  But, did anyone else think Tywin made Arya eat that food because he thought it may have been poisoned?  He made it clear in that scene that he thought the wolfsbane that killed Amory Lorch was meant for him. 
Tywin doesn't strike me as the kind of guy who would just give food away out of the kindness of his heart like that.
656	Maroucia	2012-05-14	Am I the only one who wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t convinced by the Sandor/Sansa interaction in this episode?As a fan of these two, I was really impatient to see that scene, and Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m happy that they finally got one (their first real conversation since the episode 2 of season 1! /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> ), but the whole thing felt rushed and forced.Their dialog was kind of weird, they went from one thing to another, in a way that didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t made that much sense to meâ<U+0080>¦True, most of what they said is in the book, but it felt like someone took the original conversation and just picked a few random phrases from it before putting it all togetherâ<U+0080>¦And now, their next interaction will probably be the BW bedroom scene in episode 9â<U+0080>¦ If Sansa and Sandor donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t get any other scene before that, which will probably be the case, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s going to be really weirdâ<U+0080>¦ /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />
657	Gloria	2012-05-14	This is a long thread, so my apologies if this has already been brought up.  But, did anyone else think Tywin made Arya eat that food because he thought it may have been poisoned?  He made it clear in that scene that he thought the wolfsbane that killed Amory Lorch was meant for him.Tywin doesn't strike me as the kind of guy who would just give food away out of the kindness of his heart like that.You're the second person I've seen who has said that, and it makes a lot of sense.  Although I have to admit that when I saw the scene, I was so focused on the idea that he knew who she was that I thought he made her eat so he could watch how she did it - lowborn girls eat in an entirely different way than girls of noble birth.
658	Stanmore	2012-05-14	This is a long thread, so my apologies if this has already been brought up.  But, did anyone else think Tywin made Arya eat that food because he thought it may have been poisoned?  He made it clear in that scene that he thought the wolfsbane that killed Amory Lorch was meant for him.Tywin doesn't strike me as the kind of guy who would just give food away out of the kindness of his heart like that.Good point. I hadn't made that connection.  There's definitely more to Tywin's grandpa act than he's letting on.
659	Morrigan	2012-05-14	the ONLY PEOPLE who complain about the show are bookreaders. everyone i know who only watches the show CANNOT wait for the next week after each and every GoT episode. they have one complaint, and that is that the seasons are too short.That is not true at all. Go outside of this forum sometimes. Plenty of non-readers have criticisms for the show.Am I the only one who wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t convinced by the Sandor/Sansa interaction in this episode?As a fan of these two, I was really impatient to see that scene, and Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m happy that they finally got one (their first real conversation since the episode 2 of season 1! /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> ), but the whole thing felt rushed and forced.Their dialog was kind of weird, they went from one thing to another, in a way that didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t made that much sense to meâ<U+0080>¦True, most of what they said is in the book, but it felt like someone took the original conversation and just picked a few random phrases from it before putting it all togetherâ<U+0080>¦Yes, I agree with that. It looked weird and forced, I was a bit lukewarm about the scene, despite eagerly expecting the Hound saying "killing is the sweetest thing there is". Oh well at least we got it, I guess...
660	Stanmore	2012-05-14	Am I the only one who wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t convinced by the Sandor/Sansa interaction in this episode?As a fan of these two, I was really impatient to see that scene, and Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m happy that they finally got one (their first real conversation since the episode 2 of season 1! /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> ), but the whole thing felt rushed and forced.Their dialog was kind of weird, they went from one thing to another, in a way that didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t made that much sense to meâ<U+0080>¦True, most of what they said is in the book, but it felt like someone took the original conversation and just picked a few random phrases from it before putting it all togetherâ<U+0080>¦And now, their next interaction will probably be the BW bedroom scene in episode 9â<U+0080>¦ If Sansa and Sandor donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t get any other scene before that, which will probably be the case, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s going to be really weirdâ<U+0080>¦ /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />Yeah. I'm not exactly a San/San shipper, but really enjoy the interactions between the two in the books. I think their relationship is a rather complex one, and it's been mostly glossed over in the show. The hound is one of my favourite characters and it's a shame he's not had more screen time.
661	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-14	To me it just feels like theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve wanted to include as many nude women as possible. When will we see a man doing a full frontal nudity in every other episode?Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>d imagine that that depends on the man â<U+0080><U+0094> who in particular did you have in mind? ;-}
662	kevinbgwrites	2012-05-14	Good episode. Did anyone else get the impression that Jon wasn't pulling his sword on Ygriette, but was rather going to drop it and have sex with her, but she just took it as a threat and backed off. Thats the expression I read from Jon, as it seems hes confused for a moment as if he's surprised she took it as a threat.
663	Blangadanger	2012-05-14	This episode had some thrilling scenes. I laughed at Ygritte's mocking of Jon, and it's clear that he is already weak against her fiery personality. I liked the way they did the walnut scene (removing the Maester before they take the orphans for decoys) because it illustrated what happened in the book better (though without Reek). I've always thought that Cersei viewed Joffrey as a means to an end (i.e. power), so when Joffrey begins to take that from her in the show, it totally fits that she's lost any hope for him. They are starting to make Sansa more sympathetic, and Sophie is serving her character well. I really love Arya's scenes with Tywin, but I think the suspension of disbelief is starting to crack. I think they really need to be focusing more on Arya's interactions with Jaqen H'ghar instead. I have almost zero interest in Robb's affair with Talisa. If anything I think I'm losing sympathy for him and his ultimate doom. Yes, she's gorgeous (and probably much more so than any daughter of a Frey), but the brilliant strategist and general is seemingly oblivious of the danger in consorting with the enemy.
Don't think I understand the criticism of Jaime's latest murder. So you're fine with him being redeemed for all the other brash things Jaime's done, but you cannot redeem this one because it's a distant relative? That's silly; this is the Kingslayer we're talking about. He'll do anything to get back to Cersei at this point. If anything, this particular murder only makes Catelyn's release of him even more shocking to viewers when it comes. I think they still have plenty of time next season to start working on Jaime understanding the wrongs of his past. At this point, it doesn't matter what they add to Jaime's list of misdeeds, because the list is too marked already.
664	True Northerner	2012-05-14	Every single excuse I read about why so-and-so was cut, or why this scene wasn't as comprehensive involves this "budget for the Blackwater battle".
All I have to say is this â<U+0080><U+0093> that battle better be mind-blowing. Like 200 giant ships lit on fire mind-blowing.
					
					
							Edited by True Northerner, 14 May 2012 - 03:50 PM.
665	SerArthurHeath	2012-05-14	Jaime's unarmed killing of two men might also give Cat a reason to 
	Spoiler cut his hand off
 before letting him go, because after he's done that you'd have to be moronic to send him off, at least vaguely free of body, with only one female guard even if she has seen her kill men. I'd hate the change but within the story it makes sense. Otherwise I'd like one of Robb's men (Roose? or Karstark) to point out that it was not only "treason" but really, really stupid. He's already killed an armed guard and made a run for it in his chains- giving him a better, less guarded chance to do so on the long journey to KL is just stupid
666	Mummer's wind	2012-05-14	I think everyone involved appreciates the magnitude and importance. Mr. Martin is writing it, too.
667	Leia	2012-05-14	Am I the only one who wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t convinced by the Sandor/Sansa interaction in this episode?As a fan of these two, I was really impatient to see that scene, and Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m happy that they finally got one (their first real conversation since the episode 2 of season 1! /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> ), but the whole thing felt rushed and forced.Their dialog was kind of weird, they went from one thing to another, in a way that didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t made that much sense to meâ<U+0080>¦True, most of what they said is in the book, but it felt like someone took the original conversation and just picked a few random phrases from it before putting it all togetherâ<U+0080>¦And now, their next interaction will probably be the BW bedroom scene in episode 9â<U+0080>¦ If Sansa and Sandor donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t get any other scene before that, which will probably be the case, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s going to be really weirdâ<U+0080>¦ /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />And they are not the only ones, I felt a lot of scenes quickened too much this season. Oh D&D, if you would just cut out the nudity, you would have more time for more important scenes.I am still hoping that they didn't mess up the BW scene since GRRM wrote it (and thank the Seven for it). Especially because I know there is only that one certain scene left and probably no more than that for years and seasons to come, if ever /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
668	Mediumjon Umber	2012-05-14	Jaime's murder is among the most stupid things I've seen in a long while...
It was dark and no one was around, so why didn't he just tell Alton to pretend to be dead? The guard wouldn't have noticed the lack of blood until he was close enough for Jaime to take him out... And if they wanted to show us how sly Jaime really is he would've told Alton they would split up during the escape. Alton, who was probably less experienced in the wild would be hunted down first, which would buy Jaime some precious time. That sacrifice of Alton would've made a lot more sense.
And having Alton alive until the next episode would've made more sense if they wanted to follow the book regarding Robb and Karstark. So Jaime did kill Torrhen Karstark, but why didn't they leave Alton alive for now? In the next episode, Karstark could've killed Alton - to us a familiar face by now - out of rage and grief, forcing Robb to execute him. That would've been much better than if Karstark would kill some unknown Lannister prisoners. Or what are they going to do? Will Karstark be the one to chop off Jaime's hand?
This was a brutally dumb scene...
669	Puck the Goat	2012-05-14	They should have re-worked Dany's drama. Jorah should have taken her to the House where should could have had her visions and burned the place down. This would open up episodes 8 and 9 for the other stuff. Then in episode 10, she could meet her new companions at the docks.
670	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-14	Thoughts for this week...
Dany: Relatively fun week with Dean Pelton's magic trickery.
Jon: Funny. Ygritte is just about right on the hot/dangerous scale.
Theon: Eww. About time we saw some charred corpses in this War of Five Kings though.
Jaime/Cat: Frustrating week for my favourite character. As has been said, the Alton murder was unnecessary. Cat ever so slightly starting to come across as arrogant/naive. I expect that to intensify next week,
Tyrion/Cersei: Still hate bubbling below the surface but I thought they had a nice scene.
Sansa: Captured the moonblood scene perfectly.
N.B. The music at the end was fucking awesome.
671	Stanmore	2012-05-14	Did anyone else think for a while that they might have been setting up Alton to fill in the roles of Cleos and Pod. He seemed to combine both characters quite nicely. Killing him off the way they did was a missed opportunity.
672	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-14	I agree with you about the Robb sending her to Renly part, but disagree about the Jamie release. Just because it's in response to Karstark's raging doesn't take her agency away.What in the world does that funny word â<U+0080><U+009C>agencyâ<U+0080><U+009D> mean there?   Thus spake the OED:The faculty of an agent or of acting; active working or operation; action, activity.Working as a means to an end; instrumentality, intermediation.Action or instrumentality embodied or personified as concrete existence.Comm. The office or function of an agent or factor.An establishment for the purpose of doing business for another, usually at a distance.The office of an Indian agent, or the establishment forming the headquarters of one. U.S.Pinky, are you thinking what Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m thinking? I think so, Brain: it  smells like postmodernist deconstructionalistic claptrap to me.  Egad Pinky! Did we really learn nothing from the Sokal affair?  NARF!
673	legba11	2012-05-14	Several differences in historical chains.  The ones in the US (No idea about the one in Turkey) were used to block rivers.  At thin points in the river. I've visited West Point and the area around 'The Great Chain".  The river there is not very big, less than half a mile, and it was chosen because it would minimize the speed for boats hitting it (and supported by a wooden wall).  All of that considered, it was still thought to be a deterrent at most and it would not stop a ship committed to breaking it.  1. Blackwater Bay is massive (at least it looks like it on the map), in the description of the battle, Davos describes many warships in a row going full speed.  It has to be huge.
2. Tyrion's chain is secret.  The mechanism to operate something like that would be absurdly massive and that prevents it from having any sort of support in the bay itself.
3. How exactly did that massive structure get built with no one noticing it?
4. Who is manning the South side support, which would have to be in the middle of Stannis's troops?
It is one of those cool for fantasy things that would just look dumb if you saw it.
674	SerMixalot	2012-05-14	I agree with you about the Robb sending her to Renly part, but disagree about the Jamie release.With regard to the Jamie release, I think tv-Cat is being smarter than book-Cat.I think releasing Jamie in response to a specific offer to trade him for the girls is smarter and more rational than sending him to Kings Landing on the assumption/ hope that the Lannisters will release her daughters.Book-Cat's decision was an emotional decision after the boys' apparent death, and I thought it was stupid.  Here, TV-Cat is rationally assessing the situation in Robb's camp and coming to the probably correct conclusion that Jamie won't last the night and she'll lose her bargaining chip.  Just because it's in response to Karstark's raging doesn't take her agency away.ummm book Cat responded to Cleo's information that Tyrion would trade the girls for Jamie, combind with the boys murders.  Cat believes Tyrion will release the girls if Jamie is released. She is banking on tyrion's honor. In the episode last night all Clea (sic) said was the queen ripped up the paper so Cat has NO reason to think that releasing Jamie will result in her daughters release
675	SerMixalot	2012-05-14	I agree with you about the Robb sending her to Renly part, but disagree about the Jamie release.With regard to the Jamie release, I think tv-Cat is being smarter than book-Cat.I think releasing Jamie in response to a specific offer to trade him for the girls is smarter and more rational than sending him to Kings Landing on the assumption/ hope that the Lannisters will release her daughters.Book-Cat's decision was an emotional decision after the boys' apparent death, and I thought it was stupid.  Here, TV-Cat is rationally assessing the situation in Robb's camp and coming to the probably correct conclusion that Jamie won't last the night and she'll lose her bargaining chip.  Just because it's in response to Karstark's raging doesn't take her agency away.ummm book Cat responded to Cleo's information that Tyrion would trade the girls for Jamie, combind with the boys murders.  Cat believes Tyrion will release the girls if Jamie is released. She is banking on tyrion's honor. In the episode last night all Clea (sic) said was the queen ripped up the paper so Cat has NO reason to think that releasing Jamie will result in her daughters release
676	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-05-14	Since there will be no bloody mummers, I wonder if they will have Karstark cut off Jaime's hand.
677	Stanmore	2012-05-14	Several differences in historical chains.  The ones in the US (No idea about the one in Turkey) were used to block rivers.  At thin points in the river. I've visited West Point and the area around 'The Great Chain".  The river there is not very big, less than half a mile, and it was chosen because it would minimize the speed for boats hitting it (and supported by a wooden wall).  All of that considered, it was still thought to be a deterrent at most and it would not stop a ship committed to breaking it.  1. Blackwater Bay is massive (at least it looks like it on the map), in the description of the battle, Davos describes many warships in a row going full speed.  It has to be huge.2. Tyrion's chain is secret.  The mechanism to operate something like that would be absurdly massive and that prevents it from having any sort of support in the bay itself.3. How exactly did that massive structure get built with no one noticing it?4. Who is manning the South side support, which would have to be in the middle of Stannis's troops?It is one of those cool for fantasy things that would just look dumb if you saw it.All that is covered in the book. Davos notes that a tower has been constructed on the south side of the river, but that it's been built on a islet and is virtually  unassailable from the south bank. The chain is large i'll grant you, but the principle is sound and there's historical precedent for it. When Tyrion first mentioned the chain in the books i could see what his plan was, and the payoff was very satisfying.
678	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-14	Why you kill Jon-Boy Alton, Kingthlayer? Tho much for thuttlety and thupterfyuge!  Time you get a manicure and learn to danth wif my bearth!Thaffireth!
679	Faceless Sam	2012-05-14	Jon/Ygritte, while entertaining (I love her blue-ball quips!) is going in a direction I'm entirely not sure of. I'm just worried they might have Jon turncloack for real, not his storyline double-agent plot.every double agent is half a turn cloak and so was lord snow.i really dont see the difference, he's gonna go back to the nights watch when they are south of the wall anyway.
680	boojam	2012-05-14	You're the second person I've seen who has said that, and it makes a lot of sense.  Although I have to admit that when I saw the scene, I was so focused on the idea that he knew who she was that I thought he made her eat so he could watch how she did it - lowborn girls eat in an entirely different way than girls of noble birth.That's a great big Bingo. Without saying it, Twyin had noticed from square one that she did not speak like a commoner. Does not eat like one, and then we have 'milord'- 'MY Lord' thing to finish it off.He must know that Arya is missing... but could be does not know it's her.Or... he does... then what? He has to leave next episode for the battle in E9.He could have her jailed , maybe with Gendry and Hot Pie too.That when she does the Jaqen 'trick' and has him break them out, tho that could be E10, thinking of the name of that episode.
681	legba11	2012-05-14	The size is (by far) the biggest issue, thats what would make it absurd visually (and realistically, but that is a lesser issue).  Especially combined with the secret installation and mid battle lift.  And still on the South tower, this somehow unassailable tower, which is int he midst of enemies forces, with a MASSIVE chain trailing into the water, which no one cares about?  (Other than Davos seeing them).
I'm not trashing it in the books, it was kind of cool.  But then i thought about what it would look like on film and I just can't see it looking anything but stupid and/or cheap (OH No Captain! That Chain has stopped us! *Cut to a a single shot of this monstrosity only seeing about 10 feet of it).  For it to work on film, you have to see it go up, you have to see  burning ships crashing into it.  For that to be done properly would be a massive CGI undertaking which I don't think they could put into a TV budget.
682	legba11	2012-05-14	We have no reason to think Tywin knows Arya is missing.  Tyrion assumed they had her when he left Tywin and made a point of saying how he has not been in contact with them.  LF threw out the tester when he talked about Catelyn's daughterS to see if Tywin knew and he gave no indication.  Now Tywin could be playing his cards very close to his vest with LF, but there is no reason to think he knows she is missing.
683	SerMixalot	2012-05-14	As good as the ACTING is in the scenes with Tywin and Arya, we are missing so much that SHOULD be happening with Aryas development.In Harrenhall she acted the mouse and trained and killed, critical steps to her becoming the super ninja she is destined to be.  She is not getting much training walking from table to table in Lord Tywins solar. So we are to believe she will suddenly go to being a super ninja? the basics have not been established.
684	Stanmore	2012-05-14	The size is (by far) the biggest issue, thats what would make it absurd visually (and realistically, but that is a lesser issue).  Especially combined with the secret installation and mid battle lift.  And still on the South tower, this somehow unassailable tower, which is int he midst of enemies forces, with a MASSIVE chain trailing into the water, which no one cares about?  (Other than Davos seeing them).I'm not trashing it in the books, it was kind of cool.  But then i thought about what it would look like on film and I just can't see it looking anything but stupid and/or cheap (OH No Captain! That Chain has stopped us! *Cut to a a single shot of this monstrosity only seeing about 10 feet of it).  For it to work on film, you have to see it go up, you have to see  burning ships crashing into it.  For that to be done properly would be a massive CGI undertaking which I don't think they could put into a TV budget.Well if you're sure. Personally I think it could work quite well on screen without much more CG work than was required for the Wall, Harenhall or Qarth. I guess we all have our own limits of belief and we either see something as credible in a work of fiction or we don't. To me the chain was quite believable, and was one of Tyrion's finest moments, but i'm willing to accept that other people might disagree.
685	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-05-14	I was pretty much totally correct/really close in my Quaithe/Dragons/Pyat Pree/HotU guess.  Everyone was all "Uh uh!  She wasn't in the 'Previously on Game of Thrones' clip." 
It was the easiest way to progress her story line.
686	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-14	Tywin placing a dagger into the very hand of his diminuitive foe was sublime, made all the more excellent as he turns his back on his little bird as if in uncaring nonchalance. Strange foreshadowing of brother Kevanâ<U+0080><U+0099>s last curtain call.
687	SerMixalot	2012-05-14	and I find it completely unbelievable that Tywin does not have Arya questioned harshly
lets look at the facts
Lorch was a chief LT, killed on his doorstep by a poisoned dart.  Poison is the weapon of FM, women, eunuchs and cravens.
Tywin KNOWS arya is a high born maid who has been lying to him
Lorch died on his doorstep, presumably with a note in his hand he grabbed it from Arya last epi, that note will tie Lorch's   death to Tywins solar
Tywin is willing to kill 20 soldiers of his and burn villages etc, but not question his cupbearer?
COMPLETELY ILLOGICAL, ARYA SHOULD BE NO. 1 SUSPECT
688	Jon Dragonskin	2012-05-14	I hope Jon still has to kill halfhand, otherwise, whats his excuse?Maybe, when he meets Halfhand, Rattleshirt will make him kill him and Qhorin and Jon will exchange a look like "Do it, boy!".... and boom!
689	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-14	My only problem with this episode is that it's very obvious that Bran and Rickon are alive still.When you read ACOK for the first time I think GRRM did a good job putting doubt in your head and making you think that maybe they are really dead. I watched that episode with 2 of my friends who never read the books, and they both thought it was very obvious right away that Bran and Rickon were alive still.This. Such a poor execution of their faux deaths. So so obvious. It just goes to show the difference in televison and literature. There were too many visual clues to make it a surprising reveal. The walnuts were really unconvincing and the hanged bodies looked terrible.The entire episode was a bit meh to me. I liked qarth but I really disliked winterfell (which is ironic since the latter is truest to the books).
690	SerMixalot	2012-05-14	one thing the series is going to have a problem with ina few years is when Arya hits puberty, gonna be kind of tough picturing a post pubescent Arya as a 9 yr old FM acolyte
691	timstanton	2012-05-14	ummm book Cat responded to Cleo's information that Tyrion would trade the girls for Jamie, combind with the boys murders. Cat believes Tyrion will release the girls if Jamie is released. She is banking on tyrion's honor. In the episode last night all Clea (sic) said was the queen ripped up the paper so Cat has NO reason to think that releasing Jamie will result in her daughters releasebut she had littlefinger come to her in the show and tell her what tyrions intentions were.
					
					
							Edited by timstanton, 14 May 2012 - 05:37 PM.
692	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-14	Is it just me, or was Madame Scrabbleface a lot less unnerving and portentious in the TV show than she was in the books?Scrabblefaceâ<U+0080><U+0099>s scene with Ser Kiltedguy, while she toils away at the naked flesh beneath her hand, strangely reminded me of Tywinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s intro scene of venery conversing with Number-Two Son.
693	turdle	2012-05-14	i think shae is as good as dead. my theory that ros is going to take over the shae role is looking more likely with the events of last night.
694	J_Crews	2012-05-14	ummm book Cat responded to Cleo's information that Tyrion would trade the girls for Jamie, combind with the boys murders.  Cat believes Tyrion will release the girls if Jamie is released. She is banking on tyrion's honor. In the episode last night all Clea (sic) said was the queen ripped up the paper so Cat has NO reason to think that releasing Jamie will result in her daughters releaseNo, but she knows for a fact that if he dies, the girls die.
695	Grimwolfe	2012-05-14	i have faith in GRRM and the shows writers to know what they're doing. i'm sure all the changes in character storylines will be more understandble as the show continues. One hour episodes are not enough though.
696	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-14	Pyat Preeâ<U+0080><U+0099>s multiforked murder of the Eleven reminded me of nothing so much as when Wakim (nA© Set the Destroyer) employs temporal fugue in Roger Zelaznyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s towering Creatures of Light and Darkness.
697	Lannes	2012-05-14	one thing the series is going to have a problem with ina few years is when Arya hits puberty, gonna be kind of tough picturing a post pubescent Arya as a 9 yr old FM acolyteI think we'll get the infamous "5 Year Gap" from the books on the show without 5 show years passing. Arya's storyline will be the better for it. Dany is already aged up on the show.I'll always maintain that the book series would have been even better if GRRM would've been able to make the gap work.
698	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-14	i think shae is as good as dead. my theory that ros is going to take over the shae role is looking more likely with the events of last night.Really? How come?I thought the consensus opinion was that Ros was destined to replace Alayaya.  Why do you think otherwise?Just curioso.
699	IronSuitor	2012-05-14	Small point that I liked - when Robb is holding his councils, first with Alton and then with Talissa, you can see Roose judging Robb's every move and even making a little humorless sarcastic quip about "too many prisoners".
The show's ability to set up smaller (at least now) characters with only small pieces of dialogue has been impressive. This is why I hope against hope that the writers have found some way to make Dagmar Reek/Ramsay, because in hindsight it's going to be obvious to a non-reader how he was setting Theon up to fail, and smirking in the background every time he crashed and burned.
700	SerMixalot	2012-05-14	Small point that I liked - when Robb is holding his councils, first with Alton and then with Talissa, you can see Roose judging Robb's every move and even making a little humorless sarcastic quip about "too many prisoners".The show's ability to set up smaller (at least now) characters with only small pieces of dialogue has been impressive. This is why I hope against hope that the writers have found some way to make Dagmar Reek/Ramsay, because in hindsight it's going to be obvious to a non-reader how he was setting Theon up to fail, and smirking in the background every time he crashed and burned.I can see where you are coming from, though in the book it seems that killing B&J is the one thing his father (representing Iron Men) would have approved of.
701	Kvothe the Arcane	2012-05-14	Theon was again absolutely superb, Alfie Allen has been one of the best actors this series without a shadow of a doubt. The end scene was perfect. 
Still hoping Ramsay comes in at the end instead of some sort of Dagmar change, as far as I remember there has been no mention of Ramsay except from Roose or anything to connect Dagmar with Ramsay except it being the most obvious course the writers have taken, what I think may happen now is that Theon will send Dagmar off with the gold and he will return with Ramsay, and then Ramsay will sort things out, so to speak. 
Great episode, the last two have been amongst my favourites of the show.
702	turdle	2012-05-14	Really? How come?I thought the consensus opinion was that Ros was destined to replace Alayaya.  Why do you think otherwise?Just curioso.because at this point tyrion has little to no connection to ros for which circie would confuse shae with ros.  and from the "seven devils" trailer we know that circie does SOMETHING to tyrion to make him say his line "i will hurt you for this, the day will come when your joy will turn to ashes" this season. if circie hurts ros, would tyrion really get that upset? i mean he wasn't all that upset that joffrey had ros beat that other whore. and with shae outing herself to an extent to the other handmaid, it seems like they're setting up shae being caught. i think shae's going to be killed, and tyrion's going to turn to ros next season.plus the fact that shae and tyrions relationship is almost nothing like it is in the books. they never have sex, i'm pretty sure we haven't ever heard her call him "my giant of lanister," and she's just generally much more aggressive than book shae. ros seems more like book shae than tv shae does.
					
					
							Edited by turdle, 14 May 2012 - 06:36 PM.
703	Currawong	2012-05-14	What's infuriating about things like that, to me, is that Jaime's canon!escape attempt could have been a quick scene included in that episode, instead of Joffrey's nonsense. That way, Jaime wouldn't have been off-screen for 5 full episodes.But we never saw Jaime's escape scene in the books!  It was very briefly reported third hand, when there is an explanation of why he is in the cells and not in one of the privileged tower rooms at Riverrun normally used for high ranking prisoners.   And as TV show Jaime is not being held at Riverrun, but being carted around with Robb's army, the escape plot from the books really wouldn't work.  Same thing with people complaining that we never see him as a wonderful swordsman.  The TV scene where he fights Ned never happened in Book 1.   Jaime has a fearsome reputation, but again we are only told about his final attempt to kill Robb, including how many he cut down, just before he (Jaime) is captured.  We don't actually see the battle of the Whispering Wood at all!   The first time we actually see Jaime fight is the scene with Brienne in ASOS.By all means complain that certain things from the books were left out of the show, or have been altered.  But please - don't complain that the show somehow 'omits' various things that were NOT shown in the books!As for the harbour chain, I am glad some have people pointed out that it was quite a normal defence mechanism for ports anyway, so having one is no big deal.  IF they are going to include it in Blackwater battle, then I don't see why it needed any screen time before now.  The preparations for it could easily be covered in about 90 seconds in Episode 8, with (say) Tyrion just checking that it has been properly strengthened as he ordered, that it's all working, and that the orders are understood.  He could easily do that while marching around checking on the wildfyre.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 14 May 2012 - 06:44 PM.
704	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-05-14	Arya was never a 9 year old apprentice in the House of Many Faces anyway. She was either already 11 or very close to it.
					
					
							Edited by The Scabbard Of the Morning, 14 May 2012 - 06:39 PM.
705	red5_standinby	2012-05-14	Did I miss something? was that Cleos Frey that Jaime killed?That's what I got out of it.  I just have to view the book and series as two completely different animals at this point.
706	Hoo	2012-05-14	This was my least favorite episode because it was devoid of meaningful dialog, completely stagnant as far as Clash of Kings, and filled with useless acts like killing of council and Jaime's escape.  Nothing happened.  One more like this and I can safely declare this show is starting to bore me.
707	celery	2012-05-14	because at this point tyrion has little to no connection to ros for which circie would confuse shae with ros.  and from the "seven devils" trailer we know that circie does SOMETHING to tyrion to make him say his line "i will hurt you for this, the day will come when your joy will turn to ashes" this season. if circie hurts ros, would tyrion really get that upset? i mean he wasn't all that upset that joffrey had ros beat that other whore. and with shae outing herself to an extent to the other handmaid, it seems like they're setting up shae being caught. i think shae's going to be killed, and tyrion's going to turn to ros next season.plus the fact that shae and tyrions relationship is almost nothing like it is in the books. they never have sex, i'm pretty sure we haven't ever heard her call him "my giant of lanister," and she's just generally much more aggressive than book shae. ros seems more like book shae than tv shae does.I think you're right that it wouldn't really make sense for Cersei to torture Ros (or any other whore) in place of Alayaya (as it seems it would only confuse TV viewers), but I don't think Shae will actually die (yet). Cersei will just torture her... badly... but let her live. I think it would be stronger that way, still allowing Tyrion to kill her later, rather than Ros who we would have to watch him completely form a new relationship with (screen time better spent elsewhere). But who knows, maybe you're right. That's just my guess, based off of Shae's reckless threatening of the other maid in this episode. Seems rather obvious that would get back to Cersei.
708	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-14	One thing the series is going to have a problem with in a few years is when Arya hits puberty, gonna be kind of tough picturing a post-pubescent Arya as a 9-year-old Faceless Man acolyte.Why would you think that she would be a nine-year-old?  Bran is already ten in the show.  Are you confusing book-ages with show-ages? Plus even the book-ages you have wrong not right.  Arya was born in 289 AL. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s 300 or 301 by the time sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s in Braavos, so that makes her eleven or twelve already.  And thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s in the books.  In the show, sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s two or three years older than she is in the books.No problem.  Donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t worry.  Be happy.  Have a nice day.  Hope this whelps.
709	J_Crews	2012-05-14	Dany is already aged up on the show.All the kids are aged-up, except, apparently, Sansa.
710	Ser Kevan Raley	2012-05-14	Random thoughts about episode 7:This is probably the episode that deviated most from the book in terms of made up scenes and storylines. And not all for the better.We see Bran et al. after having escaped Winterfell. Does that mean they will sneak back and hide in the crypts, or will that part be tossed? I liked the crypt-hiding twist so it would be a shame if that wasn't kept.No Reek, but still we had a previous mention of the Bastard of Bolton, so I guess we'll see Ramsay but not as Reek. Too bad, I liked that twist too.And here it comes... wait for it... "You know nothing, Jon Snow!"But those scenes with Jon and Ygritte just walking around got repetitive and tiresome, especially with her trying to get into his pants.And Jon is now a Wildling captive, without having to kill Halfhand. I don't like it. It makes his defection much less honourable. They should have substituted such a scene for one of those pointless Jon/Ygritte walking around scenes.Finally, a great overlook over the ruins of Harrenhal. Very cool!Charles Dance is excellent and I have a lot more sympathy for his Tywin than book Tywin. And him and Maise Williams sparring off is a treat to watch.However, this defies belief that he wouldn't suspect who Arya is, especially now when he knows she's highborn.I think season one's Mountain was better than this one, but give the new one a few scenes to show what a cruel brute he is and I might change my mind.At last, a conversation (of sorts) between the Hound and Sansa. I was afraid they would have forgotten them (or worse, tossed it). They should do at least one more before the battle of Blackwater.Charlie Chaplin's granddaughter sure is pretty. I can understand Robb wanting her instead of some Frey woman.Poor Lannister cousin. He had such a nice warrior bonding with Jaime and then, wham, Jaime kills him just so he could escape.Not that it did Jaime any good, as he was caught the next scene. I suppose Nikolaj Coster-Waldau must have something to do this season.I liked Jaime's line about having to betray one oath to keep another. How true!I'm stunned that Cersei was actually a nice person in this episode, both towards Sansa and Tyrion. I could almost, but not quite, sympathize with her. She showed apprehension regarding Joffrey, even if she loves her son. And she tells Sansa that she shouldn't love anyone, except her children. Poignant, in a weird sort of way.The Qarth scenes were by far the oddest, but since they're made up for the show to have Dany something to do, it's not surprising. But really, Xaro conspiring with the Warlocks to become king, stealing the dragons and then offing the Thirteen... What's the point? And will we get to see all the visions at the House of the Undying? (I'm guessing not)I hope adorable Doreah isn't dead, and that she isn't a traitor.Yay, no needless sex scenes!It's been a while since we saw Varys. I miss him.
711	SerMixalot	2012-05-14	fair enuff i do get confused over time in the books
712	J_Crews	2012-05-14	I hope adorable Doreah isn't dead, and that she isn't a traitor.Me too.
713	celery	2012-05-14	...devoid of meaningful dialog...Really?! I won't address the rest of your post because I'm not sure I can disagree, but I feel like this episode has some of my favorite moments of dialogue as yet. Cersei got that fantastic line about "every time a Targ is born the gods flip a coin"; we got some great dialogue between Arya and Tywin (love those actors together); I thought Brienne's line about "who wants to die defending a Lannister?" was wonderful, especially when you consider the future of her storyline. And I thought Jaime was excellent this whole episode, from his "not a lot of fish left in you" jibe, to talking about squiring for Barristan Selmy, but most of all, I loved his speech about oaths. Gave me chills!And, oh yeah, can't forget we got our first "You know nothing, Jon Snow"!
					
					
							Edited by celery, 14 May 2012 - 07:04 PM.
714	J_Crews	2012-05-14	And Jon is now a Wildling captive, without having to kill Halfhand. I don't like it. It makes his defection much less honourable. They should have substituted such a scene for one of those pointless Jon/Ygritte walking around scenes.The Quorin thing is still happening, according to episode summaries.
715	aimlessgun	2012-05-14	The chain could be interesting but I don't get the physics of a giant chain trapping 200 ships in a bay, I can suspend disbelief for dragons and zombies but giants chains border or farce, the Hell Fyre or whatever it's called is much more plausibleLook up Constantinople's chain /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />It's a real thing from Earth history, no less ridiculous but totally awesome!
716	turdle	2012-05-14	The Quorin thing is still happening, according to episode summaries.which won't make any sense. so either quorin saves him so he can be recaptured an episode later, or quorin also gets captured and jon kills him without quorin effectively instructing him to do so, making jon a coward and a murderer.  plus, what was jon going to say to quorin about ygitte if he caught back up with them? he's still supposed to have killed her, why was he trying to bring her back to them? either kill her or let her go.
717	Hoo	2012-05-14	Really?! I won't address the rest of your post because I'm not sure I can disagree, but I feel like this episode has some of my favorite moments of dialogue as yet. Cersei got that fantastic line about "every time a Targ is born the gods flip a coin"; we got some great dialogue between Arya and Tywin (love those actors together); I thought Brienne's line about "who wants to die defending a Lannister?" was wonderful, especially when you consider the future of her storyline. And I thought Jaime was excellent this whole episode, from his "not a lot of fish left in you" jibe, to talking about squiring for Barristan Selmy, but most of all, I loved his speech about oaths. Gave me chills!And, oh yeah, can't forget we got our first "You know nothing, Jon Snow"!meh, irrelevant, the episode was completely irrelevant.  HBO fooled me into watching it.
718	turdle	2012-05-14	double post
					
					
							Edited by turdle, 14 May 2012 - 07:10 PM.
719	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-14	This was my least favorite episode because it was devoid of meaningful dialog, completely stagnant as far as Clash of Kings, and filled with useless acts like killing of council and Jaime's escape.  Nothing happened.  One more like this and I can safely declare this show is starting to bore me.Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m with ya, Bro, like so all the way there.Indeed, Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m sure the Eleven will be overjoyed to learn that their magicked-up simulthroatslitting never happened.  By the same token, Jon-Boy Alton will surely be pleased with his own status quo ante, back before he got himself all murdalated by his false idol, that shining beacon of chivalry and charades. Good thing we didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t learn that Stannis isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t just a few days from the city or anything like that.  Sansa gets to return to her immaculately blessA¨d state of not being bloody beddable and weddable by the Mad Kinglet any longer.  Our semperfaithful and consequently blueballian Jon-Boy Snow wonâ<U+0080><U+0099>t have gotten hisself captured by the wicked Eskimawildlings.  Whoot whoot!To top it all off, since nothing happened,  Bran and Rickon donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t have any effigial combustion corpsimummers for Maester Luwin to rip the last of his hairs out over, and nos petits princes can go prancing off in the fields that we know, â<U+0099>©â<U+0099>¬ tra-la-la-la-ing â<U+0099>¬ all the way home.  Sing and rejoice all ye prisoners in Boreville!  Praise the Martin Above that NOTHING HAPPENED!
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 14 May 2012 - 07:22 PM.
720	J_Crews	2012-05-14	which won't make any sense. so either quorin saves him so he can be recaptured an episode later, or quorin also gets captured and jon kills him without quorin effectively instructing him to do so, making jon a coward and a murderer. They'll capture Quorin; he and Jon will talk, he'll instruct Jon to kill him, blah blah blah.  All ends the same.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 14 May 2012 - 07:23 PM.
721	David Selig	2012-05-14	I am hoping Qhorin is already captured, otherwise he's the most overrated ranger ever for not being able to find Jon for so long.
722	Kvothe the Arcane	2012-05-14	They'll capture Quorin; he and Jon will talk, he'll instruct Jon to kill him, blah blah blah.  All ends the same.Exactly, in fact I think its quite a good change as it serves to demonstrate that the wildlings are actually strong beyond the Wall, they are still in the characterisation stage, where all we've seen is Craster and Osha remember, the audience needs to know on their land the Watch isn't going to have an easy ride, especially given next series' plot with Mance's invasion. In the same point the Watch needs to be emphasised as being decadent and outnumbered.
					
					
							Edited by A Knight Without Honour, 14 May 2012 - 07:30 PM.
723	khaleesiStormborn	2012-05-14	I love the looks that Dagmer gives Theon!!! PRICELESS!!!  And even Theon looked sick when dude uncovered the two kids at the end.
And I agree that Tywin is being very uncharacteristic, but I still like the scenes anyway.  I also like Ygritte's character, but where the hell is Ghost!!!
Jaime-"Where did u find this beast" hilarious!!!  I missed Jaquen H'gar, and Margery Tyrell. Wished they were in this episode.
Loved the Cersei, Sansa Scene. I thought after last weeks episode, this weeks was gonna kick ass, but it was alot slower than I thought it would be. Cannot wait for season 3. The third book was my favorite. Oh and I loved the awkward scene with Cersei and Tyrion. That was great!!!
724	IDunc	2012-05-14	I LOVED this episode! I am not a book reader, so I don't give two shoots if it went off of the book. The ending was AMAZING!!! I'm so glad to hear it's not actually Bran and Rickon, though. They had me fooled for a second. I like Theon very much. I can't wait until he gets what he deserves. I look forward to seeing what will happen to him.
I love the Jon/Ygritte dynamic. The person who plays Ygritte is a fantastic actor.
The Tywin/Arya dynamic is also great! I'm not too sure, but I think Tywin knows of Arya's identity... at least, I hope he does. It will be very interesting to see how it plays out.
What of Syrio? I miss that man. Did he survive all those guards?
725	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-14	Jaime-"Where did u find this beast" hilarious!!!My goodness, what a clever reference to Jaimeâ<U+0080><U+0099>s literacy challenges!
726	Menos Grande	2012-05-14	Everything is great but the storie is going way different than the books, Jaime escaping, Jon not geting the order to go with the wildlings (what will make him a turncloack), Dany getting her dragons stolen, the game of thrones in quarth...
Some changes are good Jaime was the one that did it better than in the books, as we know the  warfare is always the worse parts of the book (not that they are so bad) , they lack the cunning that George has in his political plots and games... in the war is always someone thinking "Ok whe have to do X thing and we won" If the POV got that X, he wins that simple.
Anyway I really liked Rob's explanation to keep Jaime close (not in Riverrum as in the books) so that Tywin couldn't make the castelars give Jaime..
Catelyn wont apear as dumb as she was in the book by realeasing Jaime, First  Rob let him go away by his fingers, so he cant  say it was "his prisioner".
Second if she left Jaime in Jail, he would  be dead by the end of the night.. best to hope to get her girls back.
Arya / Tywin was a great change also.. Tywin  will be missed and both are building up in these talks. Jon's and Daenery's plot are the ones in danger... and bran's as the Reeds will not go with him to the wall.
727	Menos Grande	2012-05-14	Everything is great but the storie is going way different than the books, Jaime escaping, Jon not geting the order to go with the wildlings (what will make him a turncloack), Dany getting her dragons stolen, the game of thrones in quarth...
Some changes are good Jaime was the one that did it better than in the books, as we know the  warfare is always the worse parts of the book (not that they are so bad) , they lack the cunning that George has in his political plots and games... in the war is always someone thinking "Ok whe have to do X thing and we won" If the POV got that X, he wins that simple.
Anyway I really liked Rob's explanation to keep Jaime close (not in Riverrum as in the books) so that Tywin couldn't make the castelars give Jaime..
Catelyn wont apear as dumb as she was in the book by realeasing Jaime, First  Rob let him go away by his fingers, so he cant  say it was "his prisioner".
Second if she left Jaime in Jail, he would  be dead by the end of the night.. best to hope to get her girls back.
Arya / Tywin was a great change also.. Tywin  will be missed and both are building up in these talks. Jon's and Daenery's plot are the ones in danger... and bran's as the Reeds will not go with him to the wall.
728	Hoo	2012-05-14	Can someone explain the rationale beihnd the screenwriters decision to have Xaro repeatedly promising he does not have the dragons.  Then, Ser Jorah goes to the masked woman who tells him the one who stole the dragons is with Deany.  And it's Xaro.  Why, why waste my time with that BS?  If I wanted to watch soap operas I'd be unemployed sitting and waiting for the afternoon session of the Young and the Restless.  The Fack!
					
					
							Edited by Hoo, 14 May 2012 - 08:11 PM.
729	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-14	Can someone explain the rationale beihnd the screenwriters decision to have Xaro repeatedly promising he does not have the dragons.  Then, Ser Jorah goes to the masked woman who tells him the one who stole the dragons is with Deany.  And it's Xaro.  Why, why waste my time with that BS?  If I wanted to watch soap operas I'd be unemployed sitting and waiting for the afternoon session of the Young and the Restless.  The Fack!I didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know Xaro was really a warlock.  That explains a lot!  Now I start to think that Quaithe is a warlock, too.
730	boojam	2012-05-14	Even though I am really happy that GOT was made into a series, I think that Benioff&Weiss have unfortunately bit off more than they could chew.  Here's why:So you would rather just had been one season?
731	boojam	2012-05-14	2. Tyrion's chain is secret. It was?I don't remember that from the book... except that I guess it was keep from being widely enough known so as spies would not find out.If George put spies in those chapters of the book I don't remember them.
732	Ser Kevan Raley	2012-05-14	The Quorin thing is still happening, according to episode summaries.Good to know, even if they'll have to do some unnecessary adjustments to make it believable that Jon will indeed "defect" for noble reasons.
733	Leuf	2012-05-14	Let's get this one out of the way:  Tywin orders The Mountain to start burning and pillaging to find the BwB.  Except he already ordered him to burn the riverlands in the last ep of season 1.  What has he been doing, and what does Tywin think has been going on for the last 6 episodes?
Arya/Tywin is starting to get stale for me.  It was really interesting, but they are beating it to death.
Dagmer isn't Ramsay, he's Syrio Forel.  It is known.
I went through this on WiC, but in regards to Jaime killing Alton, instead of perhaps just injuring him or including him in an escape plan.  I think Jaime would see him as just slowing him down in any escape, so he can't take him with him.  He doesn't want to leave him behind either because he's still a Lannister and has some value as a prisoner to the Starks.  His intention is to either escape or die trying, so as far as he's concerned he's never coming back to that cell.  So in Jaime fashion he decides he just needs to kill Alton, and I don't think he spends more than 30 seconds figuring out this idea before he's committed to it.  Then in a slightly more honorable fashion than with Aerys, he spends some time talking to him first so he's got some comfort.  Then he's honest about what he's going to do to him.  Then he kills him quickly before he really even has a chance to process it.  So he's following a sort of Jaime morality about it.  I don't think it's out of character for him.
I WAS okay with the idea of Cat releasing Jaime early, before she gets word of Bran and Rickon, if the show needed Jaime released earlier than that would allow.  But if Cat is going to release him in the same episode that she finds out about Bran and Rickon, then what is the point of having her not find out first?
Rose Leslie is fantastic enough as Ygritte that I am taking a wait and see approach on how Jon's story will work it out.  I don't see how Qhorin can be captured when they made a point of specifically having Ygritte tell us they wouldn't take Qhorin prisoner.  So I don't see how this can work out well, but we shall see.
Three episodes in the row without Ros!  If I didn't know GRRM was writing Blackwater I would be expecting they would make up for this oversight by having the entire battle narrated to us by Ros as she looks out a window getting fucked from behind.
734	Hoo	2012-05-14	As far as Tyrion chain, how can it be a secret when every blacksmith and apprentice was told to start hammering links.
This is another disappointment.  When Dragonstone and Pyke were shown, not a singlw longship appeared in on HBO's screen, yet in the book there are hundreds looming off the coast on both sides of Westeros. In light of this, the chain in the book makes sense.  We get no action version of the book where soap opera BS talk and makeup are more important than the events pertinent to Clash of Kings.
735	bardgal	2012-05-14	Ok - I posted this on the nitpick thread, but after reading this thread, I thought I should post it here too. Apologies for the repeat (if you've read that thread.) /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
My friend (who hasn't read the books), turned to me at the end of the episode with a look of horror and said, "ARE THEY REALLY DEAD???" To which I responded, "Do you really want to know?" He hadn't even noticed the two kids at the farm. So yeah - there are going to be plenty of people who think what they're supposed to think at this point (that Theon really would kill the Stark boys.)
As for the buildup to Blackwater - I think we'll get a TON of that next week. I hope so, anyway... and some talk about The Chain.
I might be the only person who is fine with all the changes so far. Remember, the books are all written from different POVs of certain characters (in/out of their head), so a lot of action happens off-stage and is only described in exposition by other people, whereas we are getting to see some of those events in the show (Robb and Lying Lady Talisa.) There is also the difficulty of PLAYING a character's internal mental/emotional narrative. That somehow needs to be put into live action instead of happening inside their head, because you just can't shoot that. That's why a LOT of the things that are being changed are being changed the way they are. 
I'm not bothered with the changes so far, because I think they're going to work themselves out in the long run. Ones that come to mind: 
- Twyin & Arya: Next week (Ep 8) Roose Bolton could show up at Harrenhall. We've seen a preview of Tywin rushing out (to Kings Landing) to help with the Blackwater. I don't have a problem with he and Arya conversing because it reinforces just how smart Arya is which is paramount (she's already killed three people - Jaqen helped with two), and is about to kill another to escape Harrenhall. It gives Tywin a lot more dimension than he's given in the books, which will make what happens later, a lot better. Of course he speaks to her - she's the only other person at Harrenhall with a functioning brainstem. I did love the "My Lord" vs "Mi'lord" from Tywin, only to be cleverly schooled by wicked smart Arya with the, "My Mother taught me how to talk "proper" (which is the low-born way to say it), followed immediately by, "properly." oh. snap. I'm sorry, WHO is smarter than Tywin Lannister? Yeah... that would be Arya Stark. 
- Jon & Ygritte: I was worried until she got away from him last night. There's no reason that they haven't also caught Qhorin while we were watching Ygritte bait Jon. Establishing their relationship now, gives a lot more credence to what happens between them later. Otherwise, it might not be very plausible when she comes to his defense when her life isn't at stake. It also helps establish just how inexperienced Jon is with women, and how different Free Folk Females are from their south-of-the-wall counterparts.
- Ghost's absence: I don't have a problem with this. He goes missing all the time in the books, and that's what they're establishing: "He's a Direwolf, not a pet." Ghost chooses to be with Jon, as do all the other living Stark Direwolves (Nymeria shadows Arya.) I do wish they'd do more of this in the series, but there's plenty of time.
- Jamie & Alton: Alton says something to the effect of being a "distant" Lannister. By taking that into consideration with the rest of his tale, he is of low birth and that means not a REAL Lannister. I have no problem with Jamie killing him. We're already seeing the beginning of his arch with this scene, and everything he says to Alton, then his speech to Cat about all the conflicting oaths, and he saved the Seven Kingdoms when he killed Aerys, but no one can see that, so his bitterness is justified. Jamie doesn't know the future. He doesn't think he'll get caught, so his plan, at the time, is sound. He also knows he's running out of time - he's in a PEN (not a secure dungeon like the book), that could be breached by some drunken idiot with a burning desire to kill him at any moment (there must be bowmen in Robb's army.) Why wouldn't he do everything in his power to escape? To not do so, would be totally out of character. Having this scene also gives Cat more reason to let him go, otherwise he's going to get ripped up by the camp before Robb returns, and *POOF*, there goes her best way of getting her daughters back. Going forward, Cleos really was just dead weight in the Brienne/Jamie story line, which is why GRRM kills him off in the books.
- Jamie confessing in front of Cat & Brienne: He did in the books, so I'm not understanding why people have a problem with this. Just because he's not drunk in the dungeons of Riverrun while doing so matters little in the long run. Cat letting Jamie go really has more to do with getting Arya and Sansa back, so her getting the news of Bran & Rickon AFTER releasing him gives her even more justification for her actions. I don't see Cat cutting off Jamie's hand, because that would mean Jamie and Brienne can't have their mutual ass-kicking scene later on when they're taken by The Brave Companions. That's a huge point for Jamie's character development about how he sees Brienne. I can't see how they skip that. Having Brienne escort Jamie alone reinforces just what a baddass she is. 
- Tyrion & Cersei: In the books Tyrion knows, and Cersei knows he knows. To play otherwise in the series would be to dumb-down one of these characters and be a gross disservice and insulting. Giving them that scene does three things: 1. It gives Cersei a bigger/better arch by making her more three dimensional than just being one-note evil. I think it's important to differentiate between the Joffrey degree of evil, and her. They are two different people. 2. It gave Tyrion that magic moment of wanting, needing, and instinctually going to comfort her, and discovering where the invisible CAUTION / DO NOT CROSS yellow tape was. In the book, he touches her, she recoils, and we know his hurt because that chapter is through his eyes. We don't have that internal luxury on film. 3. It gives more buildup to just how insane and evil Joffrey is, and that everyone with a functioning brainstem knows it.
- Dany: They're giving her a LOT more to do than they did in CoK. Stealing the dragons gives another note to GIVE ME WHAT I NEED RIGHT NOW that is Dany's only objective in CoK, which is too repetitive and one-note for the TV series. They're also setting up The House of The Undying and a justifiable reason for Dragon Woop-Ass. 
- Robb & Lying Lady Talisa: In the book Robb's marriage comes as a shock. This way we see WHY, and we get to see more Robb. That is win-win for the show's ability to tell the narrative vs the books. 
- Bran, Rickon, & the Reeds: I'll bet we're not going to see Bran & Rickon again until the last episode (so many non-book peeps will believe they're dead, with everyone getting raven scrolls about Theon killing them to reinforce this), and this season will end with the four of them exiting the crypts of Winterfell (minus the Reeds), just like the book. Next season they can meet up with the Reeds, because they need to separate Bran and Rickon somehow, and need someone other than Hodor to look out for Bran. This way they give Osha more screen time before she disappears with Rickon, and the overall narrative stays the same.
Things I am missing that I think are needed at some point:
- The Reeds - Can wait for next season.
- Ser Dontos for all the Sansa escape stuff - but there really is plenty of time for this, since it's very repetitive in the books, and could wait until next season.
- The cache of Dragonglass at The Fist - since Jon has already gone north, they can wait for this until next season really, especially since it's more The Slayer's story than Jon's.
- Weasel - how are they going to do Weasel soup? I'll miss that if it doesn't happen, but they could get the same outcome with other events.
There are three main scenes I thought when I read the book that they HAD to have this season, and would spend $$ on:
- The riot (which was only missing horses - which is fine, and impossible to film without hurting someone with horses in that space.)
- The House of the Undying (she has reinforced this with her claim this season of "My dreams come true.")
- The Battle of the Blackwater - just hope they don't skip Tyrion's chain.
I still have faith.
736	Morrigan	2012-05-14	Tywin is willing to kill 20 soldiers of his and burn villages etc, but not question his cupbearer?COMPLETELY ILLOGICAL, ARYA SHOULD BE NO. 1 SUSPECTIs that a joke? Why in the seven hells would he suspect a little girl servant?All the kids are aged-up, except, apparently, Sansa.Sansa was aged up too...
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 14 May 2012 - 11:27 PM.
737	StarkWard	2012-05-14	I really hope they still give the Halfhand a chance to give his last order to Jon. How else will they justify his turncloaking?
I'm still confused if the change in circumstances for Cat's releasing Jaime makes her more or less of an idiot. Instead of only Cat getting the surprise (married Robb), Robb will have a shocker when he gets back from the Crag. Also, knowing that Robb's bannermen are very much aware of, and despise, Talisa, why hasn't she been assaulted yet? Raped, harassed, verbally abused, whichever. She's a "foreign bitch" getting the attention of war-torn men. Something should have hapened by now.
738	Warden of the North121	2012-05-14	I really hope they still give the Halfhand a chance to give his last order to Jon. How else will they justify his turncloaking?I'm still confused if the change in circumstances for Cat's releasing Jaime makes her more or less of an idiot. Instead of only Cat getting the surprise (married Robb), Robb will have a shocker when he gets back from the Crag. Also, knowing that Robb's bannermen are very much aware of, and despise, Talisa, why hasn't she been assaulted yet? Raped, harassed, verbally abused, whichever. She's a "foreign bitch" getting the attention of war-torn men. Something should have hapened by now.I watched the promo for next week and the Halfhand is imprisoned with Jon so I guess we'll get his order that way. Also, both Robb and Catelyn get their surprises (albeit it's in SoS not AoK). I think Catelyn is releasing Jaime because she knows with Robb at the Crag and Karstark looking bloodthirsty that Jaime (and thus her daughters) were screwed cuz Karstark was pretty much ready to murder Jaime.
739	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-14	Three episodes in the row without Ros!  If I didn't know Martin was writing Blackwater I would be expecting they would make up for this oversight by having the entire battle narrated to us by Ros as she looks out a window getting fucked from behind.Doggone it, I really wish folks would use spoiler tags!  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s past my bedtime, and now that image is going to be hounding my dreams all night long. And you know sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll be on a leash, too, with studded doggy collar and everything.You may disbelieve, but I think youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re barking up the wrong tree by thinking Martin wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t pull whatever bone out of his backside that is asked of him.  Not even the Great Master himself could overcome  The Problem of Ros, so why should you get off any easier?D&D chart out each seasonal decalogue, then hand off individual writing assignments to their kennel of well-heeled writers to produce the requisite doggerel.  If Georgeâ<U+0080><U+0099>s assignment included an episode frameworking of Ros dogging it the whole battle long in supervisory sexposition, make no bones about it: you know heâ<U+0080><U+0099>d really dig it.  You know theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>d never let him off his leash long enough to chase squirrels. Ros baby, you fetching narratrix of the Blackwater you, here we come! Rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrruffu!!!
740	Dio Forel	2012-05-14	Book interests are entirely different than HBO show interests as far as revelations... With thousands of pages we have more than enough time to worry about eye color and who a character really is and all these different mysteries to solve.  There is no time to have a show progress in such a short amount of time and then expect it to benefit the viewer experience by including all these flashbacks and sidestories (sidestories with regard to the show because fact is we would never have enough time to be able to really enjoy the results).  For those saying its not enough to say its an adaptation I just disagree.  I agree with the frustration because there is SO much I would love to see on screen after my experience with the books, but I know the time allotted would never accommodate that notion.  But the fact is a TV show has to have added elements to attract a wider demographic for this shows survival.  Its not a book where you can survive with less readers and still finish the series... its a TV show that without attracting more and more people from all walks of life we will never come close to seeing the on-screen ending.  
Some changes just have to be made because we have no time for 20 POVs.  Look how rushed it looked having what... 5 POVs in an episode?  Some things have to be sacrificed.  And look how boring Dany's storyline is in the books to the point where people almost murder eachother going insane on how little progress she makes so how would the writers of the show expect to have that little happen and keep viewers with a character like Dany people are now so enthralled with?  They had to add story to her world or else we would all hang ourselves watching those scenes.  And whats wrong with making some twists so that we, as readers, can have the potential luxury of watching an episode and not knowing exactly whats going to happen every step of the way.  I love not always knowing where theyre going.  Who the hell wanted to go see The Sixth Sense if somebody had the shocker ruined for them that Bruce Willis is really dead?  The show is a twist on a phenomenal backing story.  I dont want to have a checklist of 100 things and cross them off in order 1 after the order when they happen, I want the possibility of new things happening for us.  
Sadly I feel like the whole world of flashbacks and hidden meanings/prophecies is just way too much for a limited TV airing to convey so we will just miss out on most of it until the books address it all.  Theres no care whatsoever about Jons mother on the show or figuring out the truth of a lot of things we go through in the books.  It sucks but its expected.  
As for what happens with Alton, who cares?  He was a made up character anyway.  And it was NOT out of character of Jamie in the slightest bit.  Jamie is an arrogant, selfish prick lol.  He did as is expected for his own survival.  With Cersei saying Joff is a monster basically but then saying oh yeah why would she call if he is killed?  Theres a little bit of a difference between saying yeah my son has turned into a sadistic a*hole and saying I dont care if my son is murdered.  
The negative here I feel like is just the whole season, we came into this season expecting some greatness about the direwolves.... but where the hell are they?   Wheres the warging concept?  We could certainly benefit from using more time on showing these storylines.. 
In conclusion... enough anger that the show isnt as epic as the books.. There is not enough time for the epic to be told on screen, and never will be.  The second we accept this is the second we can sit back and just enjoy the show.  I dont recall hearing people care about the variations to X-Men or Avengers as venomously as ASOIAF readers seem to care about the differences here.  Accept the very definition of "BASED ON".  My main concern here is making sure GRRM finishes our books.  These shows are a great way to get me through my time waiting.  Be happy guys... its not like the writers butchered the show like Eragon got butchered ruining that phenomenal series.  This is a great show.
741	Arkash	2012-05-14	One funny detail: I was amused by the mention of Balon Swann. He's one of those little characters I really enjoy !
742	Warden of the North121	2012-05-14	Don't get me wrong a lot of the changes I have really liked and have found entertaining but am I the only who wished they pulled more dialogue straight from the book like last season? There hasn't been as much and there are some really good lines they could have used but didn't.
					
					
							Edited by Warden of the North121, 14 May 2012 - 09:25 PM.
743	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-14	One funny detail: I was amused by the mention of Balon Swann. He's one of those little characters I really enjoy !I was completely astonished to hear that. I wonder what it portends?
744	legba11	2012-05-14	Tyrion's chain has to be a secret or it's not much of a trap.  As I said, it's fine to gloss over these things in print because it's no big deal and it's a fun little scheme.  However, when you put it to film, you see the massive undertaking this thing would be and it becomes silly.
I looked up that Constantinople Chain (thanks btw, it was pretty cool).  It's about 800m in length according to the map on Wikipedia (and it was floated for support).  Again not close to the size that Tyrion's would have to be.  But really, the reality of this isn't my main problem  It's fantasy, dragons fly, warlocks get the Loki magic trick and guys who look like me get hot babes.  My (expected) issue with it was going to be how it looked on film.  Ships in battle are incredibly expensive to film, now add green fire (CGI can handle that).  With the money they are dealing with, it's either going to be a cheap stage Prop (the 10 ft length/ Godzilla's hand prop), or a monster CGI shot which needs to interact with these expensive ships.  If you had Peter Jackson's budget for The Hobbit, it would probably look cool.  Here I think it wouldn't.  Something like this isn't something you can half-ass.
745	rmholt	2012-05-14	Not like the dummies they used in the show /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> I don't know, they just looked silly to me, swinging in the wind and all.Not like the dummies they used in the show /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> I don't know, they just looked silly to me, swinging in the wind and all.I wonder if their resemblance to the murdered men on the bridge at the Battle of Fallujah was coincidental.  I recall how strikingly horrible this was in RL.
746	Arkash	2012-05-14	I was completely astonished to hear that. I wonder what it portends?I dont think we will see Balon Swann in the show, so for me that was just a little tribute to the character and something to please us book-readers.
747	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-14	Ships in battle are incredibly expensive to film, now add green fire (CGI can handle that).  With the money they are dealing with, it's either going to be a cheap stage Prop (the 10 ft length/ Godzilla's hand prop), or a monster CGI shot which needs to interact with these expensive ships.  If you had Peter Jackson's budget for The Hobbit, it would probably look cool.  Here I think it wouldn't.  Something like this isn't something you can half-ass.Agreed that you canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t let it be half-assed. Remember that the showrunners went back and asked HBO for another 15% of funding. Also remember that they spent an entire month filming Episode 9, â<U+0080><U+009C>Blackwaterâ<U+0080><U+009D>. Put that all together, and I almost dare to hope that it wonâ<U+0080><U+0099>t be half-assed after all. I was thinking that The Hobbit wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t all that much better endowed financially than Game of Thrones, but quick napkin calculations say I was wrong. Peter Jackson has $500 million for perhaps six to eight hours of show.  David and Dan have $69 for ten hours of show. That means PJ has about the same amount of money for one hour as D&D have for their full season, so call it ten times as much.Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not peanuts.  On the other hand, if we got ten ten-hour seasons once all were said and done, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>d be a hundred hours of show.  The price per hour will still be only ten percent of Jacksonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s, but there will be incredibly more show as far as viewing time goes, and in the end, Game of Thones will indeed end up spending more money than The Hobbit will, which goes back to my original idea of The Hobbit not being all that pricier.  It is when looked at per hour of viewing, but not necessarily in the aggregate.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 14 May 2012 - 09:44 PM.
748	rmholt	2012-05-14	And I'll say this again - name a poster that has said they require a 100% adaption. Because different posters disagree about different points does not mean that anyone requires or expects a 100% verbatim TV show.The only 100% correct adaptation I have seen is Silence of the Lambs.  that was AWEsome.2001:A Space Odyssey is close, but technically not an adaptation since the book and movie were done together.I am always grateful when the movie (or TV show) doesnt completely hash the book.Exhibit A:  The Natural.I am happy that the main points of the book are there and the talent is so good - writing, acting, etc, etc.
749	TyrionTargaryen	2012-05-14	Is Aflie Allen a legit contender for Best Supporting actor??? I think so! And Ygritte is everything I hoped she would be... amazing
750	boojam	2012-05-14	Tyrion's chain has to be a secret or it's not much of a trap.  As I said, it's fine to gloss over these things in print because it's no big deal and it's a fun little scheme.  However, when you put it to film, you see the massive undertaking this thing would be and it becomes silly.Remember in the novel Davos suspects something?He wanted Imry Florent to send some of Salladhor Saan's swift ships to scout the harbor for traps and things like that.Like French Knights Florent and his captains voted Davos down.
751	J_Crews	2012-05-14	Sansa was aged up to...I guess so.  I was thrown by her first flowering, but I guess it isn't unheard of for a girl to have it later than the average age.
752	Jolene Brown	2012-05-14	I have nitpicked some other stuff, and I wish they were doing more with some of Tyrion's other machinations, but the chain thing didn't become cool to me until its purpose finally became evident very close to or during the battle itself in the book - before that I just didn't get why Tyrion was having the blacksmiths waste their time making all these links and I was sort of annoyed by the repeated references to it.  As a result, I am sort of relieved they seem to be leaving it for the Blackwater episode itself, although I would liked to have seen more about the wildfire preparations, since its value is more intuitive and also important when it comes to the Aerys was going to burn down King's Landing revelation (has the show told us that yet?  I don't think so) .  If the chain isn't in the actual Blackwater episode itself, however, I will rant and rave and throw a fit, because I thought the river of fire with the chain mostly trapping the ships in was absolutely awesome.
753	WeirwoodTreeHugger	2012-05-14	Maybe Tywin knows Arya is Arya and he wants to keep her around as a prize for the RW.  However, he doesn't want to drag her all around through battle so he leaves her in the care of his bannermen figuring she won't escape.   What Tywin doesn't know is that she's crafty and has Jaqen to help.  Hopefully weasel soup is intact.  I read an interview with Maisie Williams where she said she was looking forward.
  They are not cutting that whole thing with Qhorin so relax!  People thought last week that they wouldn't have the Theon  killing Bran and Rickon fake out.  They aren't going to take out something that important.  They better keep Ghost in that scene though!
754	WeirwoodTreeHugger	2012-05-14	This is really nitpicky but one thing the books and show get wrong is the amount Sansa bleeds during her period.  The average amount of blood over the course of an entire period is 1/8 of a cup.  Do men seriously think we hemorrage once a month?  This was also an issue in Carrie.  Men should consult Judy Blume first when writing a puberty scene!
755	Stenbuck	2012-05-14	I guess so.  I was thrown by her first flowering, but I guess it isn't unheard of for a girl to have it later than the average age.Since she has already had her telarche (initial breast development), it would be only be a diagnosis of delayed puberty if she had not had her menarche (first period) by 16 years of age. How old is she supposed to be on the show?
756	J_Crews	2012-05-14	Since she has already had her telarche (initial breast development), it would be only be a diagnosis of delayed puberty if she had not had her menarche (first period) by 16 years of age. How old is she supposed to be on the show?They've never said, but she was 12-13 in the book, I think.  She seems 15-16 to me in the show, and the actress is 16.  All the kids are aged-up from what they were in the books.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 14 May 2012 - 10:22 PM.
757	unRobert	2012-05-14	Pumped at the lil mention of Balon Swann.  I was hoping they would have introduced at least him and Mandon to make the Blackwater that much more intense and interesting. To know some of the key fighters and leaders would be cool...
758	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-05-14	Apparently I am the only person impressed at my ability to predict the show outcomes.
Whatevs.
Anyway, dude on Quaithe's table- I'm guessing Crow's Eye.
759	wymans cook	2012-05-14	I am starting to like the changes from book to show. If not for the changes it would be mostly traveling and eating
760	johnnysd	2012-05-14	After watching this episode and the preview for 18, I can safely say, they destroyed the best part of ACOK (for me), the Jon Snow story... alright, there will be a fight with Qhorin, I knew there would be... but that's not enough!! They completly took out warging, Ghost and the eagle, the hunt of the NW men, of course, the discussion between Jon and Qhorin.... what is the point?? why would the wildlings want to keep Jon alive?? in the books it was the direwolf that got their attention.... Now what? just because he is the son of a Stark?? that would be a good reason to just kill him, not keep him around. Maybe things will look better when all of this sink in, but how could anyone believe that Jon would defeat alone the greatest swordsman in the NW?? /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Oh, I forgot, so Tywin suspected all along that Arya is highborn (nice introduction of the m'lord/my lord thing), but how in hell would he have let her still work in the kitchens??? That makes no sens, I am sure this is the same for non book readers. She would make a perfect hostage, a little torture/pressure, whatever and she would confess who she was. Ok Arya had an explanation, a good one I thought, but before that Tywin had an oppinion, and he didn't act on it??? What is going on with the script???PS: I guess no chain, bummerIt was stated before the season started that there is a great scene with Tywin where he shows the humanity he has )an probably avoids a name being given to a man). I suspect we have not seen that scene yet, and I also suspect Tywin knows exactly who she is.
761	Dio Forel	2012-05-14	which goes back to my original idea of The Hobbit not being all that pricier.  It is when looked at per hour of viewing, but not necessarily in the aggregate.Yes but its relevant because that ridiculously large amount of money enables the ability for more effects, more characters and props, more companies lining up to do work on the show and for the show, and the fact that people will be paying every single time they go see The Hobbit means more money to be made to compensate for the money spent.  GOT doesnt have that luxury.  And its a bigggggg difference between 70 million and 500 million.. lol its like the diff between a crappy 10k used car and a gorgeous 70k car... Ahhh if only this show had that kinda money to spend!!  Of course with the Hobbit they have that other luxury of having lots of characters but basically it all revolves around one or 2 groups/parties.  Its kinda like stuff is happening we just dont see it or care,  unlike our GOT where we are part of 7048 diff aspects of the story... I cant imagine what LOTR wouldve been like if we hopped around from Rohan to The Shire to the Elven Forest and all different POVs back and forth.. itd be impossible to cover all that but LOTR never really focused on all of that.  Those other areas and storylines were passing thru points and minor moments.... ASOIAF makes every aspect part of our experience and thats why its so difficult to put into a show or a movie.   But wow if we actually had the time to show everything with more episodes and longer episodes.. thered be no naysayers... Well maybe a few but itd all be for good reasons, not for things thatd be resolved if we had more time and money.
762	johnnysd	2012-05-14	In a lot of ways, I almost felt like this episode was specifically designed to shock people who read the books. There were at least three occasions where I sat back in total surprise.I liked the Qarth changes a lot. Dany's time in Qarth was rather boring in the books, so I'm glad they're actually having things happen there in the TV show. Xaro and Pyat Pree's coup was believable, and it establishes them as serious and credible threats for Dany. I'm really looking forward to seeing the House of the Undying next episode.I also like the dynamic between Tywin and Arya, it's absolutely brilliant character interaction. I don't think it's as out-of-character for Tywin as people think. He's in private with a lowly serving girl, it makes sense he'd let his guard down a little bit. I can definitely see how Arya would remind him of Cersei too. I don't think these scenes make Tywin look weak either, he's always made it very clear to Arya that he's her master. He's a master who can be kind to his servants when they serve him well, but he's still careful to make sure they don't get too comfortable around him. In my opinion this is completely consistent with the way Tywin was portrayed in the books.What happened with Jaime, on the other hand... I have very mixed feelings about it. On the one hand, it was incredibly well-done. I was suckered right along with Alton into thinking that Jaime was a decent guy trying to be friendly. I felt like I'd been punched in the gut when the poor sap got murdered, which is a lot more than I felt when Cleos Frey died in the books. I can see why Nikolaj Coster-Waldau said it was the best scene he'd ever done, and I'm inclined to agree with him. In terms of writing, acting, and directing, it was a superb scene.My problem with the scene is that it effectively makes it impossible for Jaime to have a convincing redemption arc, as he does in the books. This version of Jaime is a cold-blooded sociopath. He's about as close to irredeemable as you can get. Unless they completely change around his role later in the series, I don't see how this characterization could possibly work in the long run.Also, they had Jaime kill Karstark's son during his escape, rather than on the battlefield. It makes sense for a TV show, since it'd be hard to build a plot around something that happened off-camera last season, but it makes Karstark's attitude seem a lot more sympathetic and reasonable. (I know Jaime killed some Riverrun guards in the books too, but that was never why Karstark hated him.) I'm also baffled by their choice to have Catelyn free Jaime before she finds out about Bran and Rickon's "deaths," that was the one mitigating factor that made her decision understandable. The way the show's portrayed things, I'd be on Karstark's side.For the VAST majority of non book readers, I suspect throwing a 10 year boy out of a window is far worse than killing a really remote relative to try and escape
763	Dio Forel	2012-05-14	I guess so.  I was thrown by her first flowering, but I guess it isn't unheard of for a girl to have it later than the average age.lol itd explain why she was so uptight
764	johnnysd	2012-05-14	I think the wailing and gnashing of teeth in righteous indignation when there is not a SINGLE vision in the House of the Undying will be epic.
765	lmanion	2012-05-14	The thing with Jon and his plot change is we might not have him warging Ghost, further into the story the fact that he is a warg seems like it will be important as it will for Arya, Rickon and already is for Bran.
766	wotad	2012-05-14	am i the only 1 who liked QARTH?
767	Sound_of_winter	2012-05-15	I'm terribly sorry to ask this, if it has been asked before (don't want to read 28 pages!) But during the thirteen scene where Pyat Pree slits everyone's throats, did he kill Xaro as well? because right after that scene Xaro was nowhere to be seen.
768	Evamitchelle	2012-05-15	They've never said, but she was 12-13 in the book, I think.  She seems 15-16 to me in the show, and the actress is 16.  All the kids are aged-up from what they were in the books.She was 11 in the books and 13 in the show IIRC. She should be around 14 now.
769	Evamitchelle	2012-05-15	Is Aflie Allen a legit contender for Best Supporting actor??? I think so! And Ygritte is everything I hoped she would be... amazingNo unfortunately he's not. Peter Dinklage and Kit Harrington are the nominees for the Emmys this year. Maybe Kit steps up during the later episodes but so far I'm not impressed at all.
770	BastardOfWinterfell	2012-05-15	I am starting to like the changes from book to show. If not for the changes it would be mostly traveling and eatingSorry man, this episode was so painful I have kind of lost hope for the rest of the series. And as a preempt, I am not a book "purist", but I do love the story and character dynamics, and to be honest, the HBO series has kind of wrecked a lot of the dynamic that was dear to me, and can only be something vaguely similar in plot to ASoIaF for me at this point, and I thought season 1 was great. What is great about the book series is after all the characters and their dynamics, without this, the series is just any other fantasy plot (and GRRM himself acknowledges this). Let's go over what was so wrong with episode 7:1) Jaimeanderthal - His murder was extremely out of character for him. Some of you have been like "ZOMGZ BUT HE KICKED A BABBY OUT OF A TOWER THATS WORSE CUZ BABBYS R CUTE". Please, killing bran was an inescapable necessity for preserving his love life and the kingslayer part -- need we mention Aerys was a MAD KING who burned people alive in his throne room, and was highly unfit to rule? What Jaime would do for love... well, I can tell you killing his cousin was not (nor was it portrayed as such) killing "for love", it was killing because he was greedy (or "evil") -- and that is completely out of character for him. Jaime is awesome, and a great character has now been ruined. 2) Tywin-or-you-die-or-you-give-Arya-your-dinner - A man who would have a full barracks of women rape a woman of lower class to prove to his son that all women of lower class are whores in that they want a lord for their money -- this type of man would not give a serving girl his meal. He would certainly not COMPARE his daughter to a serving wench.3) Cersei-iously? What happened to the self-entitled spoiled princess in her? What happened to the one who in the future does very mean things to her brother she seemingly bonds with (or is willing to cry in front of.....) There is a reason why Cersei actually crying for the first time in the series feel cathartic -- and that's because she would never boohoo like she did in episode 7.4) Ygritte-my-teeth-in-exasperation: Well, let's let it slide that the actual development of the love story is butchered. "You know nothing Jon Snow" was for me a metaphor for the clash of civilizations their impossible love tryst is, not a metaphor for "You aint never felt me warm wet soft innards ye crow". To be quite blunt, she came off more like a whore from in Kings Landing than an strong experienced battle-worn independent wildling.5) Don't-Shae-Nuthin-To-Nobody-Or-I'll-use-this-butterknife-to-make-you-toast: For those of you who recall Shae's later actions, you know this  was not only stupid of her but also out of character for her to try to "save" Sansa (How wrong is it to think of the Unreal style announcement "First Blood!" during the Sansa scene?). Not to mention she really doesn't have any incentive to -- she's a whore/servant, since when did she have loyalty? And fine, fine fine! She is a loyal whoreservant. Then PLEASE explain to me where this loyalty of hers goes in aDoD? She is more loyal to a random princess she serves than a lord who has given her all of what she has, and is even loyal to her? Or are they going to ruin that love story as well!?So, yeah. As another preempt to the insecure Anti Criticism League, I DO like what the series overall did with Greyjoy, Arya, Sansa, Brienne, C aetlyn. So please don't try to pull that "This guy is just in a sour blue balls mood and is taking it out on the internet, haterz gonna hate" lines to dismiss any valid articulate criticisms of the HBO series, PARTICULARLY this season. It's dropped it's standards pretty low.
771	Currawong	2012-05-15	1) Jaimeanderthal - His murder was extremely out of character for him. Some of you have been like "ZOMGZ BUT HE KICKED A BABBY OUT OF A TOWER THATS WORSE CUZ BABBYS R CUTE". Please, killing bran was an inescapable necessity for preserving his love life and the kingslayer part -- need we mention Aerys was a MAD KING who burned people alive in his throne room, and was highly unfit to rule? What Jaime would do for love... well, I can tell you killing his cousin was not (nor was it portrayed as such) killing "for love", it was killing because he was greedy (or "evil") -- and that is completely out of character for him. Jaime is awesome, and a great character has now been ruined. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />	I have read lots of comments about this, including how it was 'desperate' Jaime killing a very, very distant cousin and therefore it was not really an issue, and I've thought about it a lot in the context of the TV series   Yes, I accept that the invented Alton was a very, very distant cousin - but my initial reaction remains the same.  This change is completely out of character and was quite unecessary.  Jaime is still a Lannister, and although he has a very complex relationship with his siblings and with Tywin, 'family' and 'family honour' definitely does mean something to him.  His idea of family honour is one of the reasons for his final rift with Tywin, and as we see in AFFC, Jaime also lies about Ser Cleos's death to his Aunt Genna in order to spare her feelings.   It also sits completely at odds with Jaime's fight scene with Ned Stark in series 1, where Jaime's sense of honour would not let him finish off Ned after one of the Lannister guards stabs Ned in the leg, because it wouldn't have been fair or clean.  Book Jaime might have knocked Alton unconscious as part of an escape attempt, but he would not have killed him.  I think that action has somewhat spoiled the Jaime / Brienne dynamic too - after Harrenhal, Brienne can understand his reasons for killing Aerys, and she can also understand (but not approve) his reasons for shoving Bran out the window.  But I cannot see how the Brienne we know and love from the books would ever come to have any sympathy or feelings for a Jaime who had murdered his cousin in cold blood.  She'd have let him and his hand just rot.   Jaime killing Alton is one of the very few book-to-TV changes that I totally disagree with.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 15 May 2012 - 01:33 AM.
772	bardgal	2012-05-15	She was 11 in the books and 13 in the show IIRC. She should be around 14 now.Which makes her NORMAL.
773	Jolene Brown	2012-05-15	How sad.  Peter Dinklage I can agree with, but there are far more standout performances in the series at this stage than Kit Harrington.  Alfie Allen, Charles Dance, Maisie Willams, to name three.Shouldn't there be separate nominees for Lead Actor and Best Supporting?
774	Evamitchelle	2012-05-15	Shouldn't there be separate nominees for Lead Actor and Best Supporting?There is a separate list for Lead Actor and Supporting Actor but since Game of Thrones doesn't really have a Lead anymore all the nominees are in the Supporting Actor category.How sad.  Peter Dinklage I can agree with, but there are far more standout performances in the series at this stage than Kit Harrington.  Alfie Allen, Charles Dance, Maisie Willams, to name three.Women have their own category. Emilia Clarke and Lena Headey are representing GoT.
					
					
							Edited by Evamitchelle, 15 May 2012 - 01:14 AM.
775	bardgal	2012-05-15	Shouldn't there be separate nominees for Lead Actor and Best Supporting?As a SAG actor, due to the ensemble nature of the show, I can tell you none of them will be submitted for Lead Actor by their management. There really aren't any Single Main Male or Female characters in the show.They also stand a better chance of winning in the supporting category, (and that has a LOT to do with it as well - which is why Tommy Lee Jones was submitted for Best Supporting Actor in the '94 Oscars for The Fugitive (and WON), even though he has as much or more screen time than Harrison Ford.)
					
					
							Edited by bardgal, 15 May 2012 - 01:17 AM.
776	Jolene Brown	2012-05-15	I find Cat super frustrating at times, but Michelle Fairley is doing an amazing job bringing her to life, in all her frustratingness, wish she was nominated.  I would have her and Sophie Turner, I think, despite being a longtime Lena Headey fan (I think she's good too, I just think Fairley and Turner are standouts right now).
					
					
							Edited by Jolene Brown, 15 May 2012 - 01:17 AM.
777	wotad	2012-05-15	i love this series didnt read the books but its amazing , i know people must be unhappy at some changes from series to books but some are good and some are probs bad for people who read the books but just enjoy the good moments and carry on watching this amazing well casted series
					
					
							Edited by wotad, 15 May 2012 - 01:45 AM.
778	wotad	2012-05-15	I find Cat super frustrating at times, but Michelle Fairley is doing an amazing job bringing her to life, in all her frustratingness, wish she was nominated.  I would have her and Sophie Turner, I think, despite being a longtime Lena Headey fan (I think she's good too, I just think Fairley and Turner are standouts right now).Emilia Clarke and Lena Headey,Sophie Turner, and Michelle Fairley are all good but i hope Emilia wins
779	The Pretty Good John	2012-05-15	2) Tywin-or-you-die-or-you-give-Arya-your-dinner - A man who would have a full barracks of women rape a woman of lower class to prove to his son that all women of lower class are whores in that they want a lord for their money -- this type of man would not give a serving girl his meal. He would certainly not COMPARE his daughter to a serving wench.Isn't is pretty clear at this point that he knows she was born and raised in a noble house?  He also knew she was from the North. He might not have met her before the war, but he certainly knew Ned from King's Landing at the end of Robert's rebellion.  It's also entirely possible that he saw Ned's father, brother and/or Lyanna before their deaths.  They've gone out of their way in the series to tell us how much Arya has "the look" of the Starks -- from Yhorrin (sp?) saying that to Ned to Ned telling her how much she looked like Lyanna. It might have dawned on him that this 10 year old noble born Northern girl who looks like the Starks running around 500 miles from home is the same missing Stark girl they're looking for (and might be able to exchange for Jaime).  He is ceratinly much more familiar and friendly with her now -- after he had a conversation we did not hear with Littlefinger that began with Littlefinger describing his conversation with Catlin about exchanging Arya and Sansa for Jaime.  If Tywin didn't know who she was at first, I bet he knows by the time he gives her his mutton.
780	Sun	2012-05-15	I'm terribly sorry to ask this, if it has been asked before (don't want to read 28 pages!) But during the thirteen scene where Pyat Pree slits everyone's throats, did he kill Xaro as well? because right after that scene Xaro was nowhere to be seen.No he didn't. Pyat only killed the members of the 13 seated at the table. Pyat is in league with Xaro, who is now effectively the new king of Qarth.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 15 May 2012 - 02:09 AM.
781	Sun	2012-05-15	Double post.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 15 May 2012 - 02:09 AM.
782	Ghost714	2012-05-15	Isn't is pretty clear at this point that he knows she was born and raised in a noble house?  He also knew she was from the North. He might not have met her before the war, but he certainly knew Ned from King's Landing at the end of Robert's rebellion.  It's also entirely possible that he saw Ned's father, brother and/or Lyanna before their deaths.  They've gone out of their way in the series to tell us how much Arya has "the look" of the Starks -- from Yhorrin (sp?) saying that to Ned to Ned telling her how much she looked like Lyanna. It might have dawned on him that this 10 year old noble born Northern girl who looks like the Starks running around 500 miles from home is the same missing Stark girl they're looking for (and might be able to exchange for Jaime).  He is ceratinly much more familiar and friendly with her now -- after he had a conversation we did not hear with Littlefinger that began with Littlefinger describing his conversation with Catlin about exchanging Arya and Sansa for Jaime.  If Tywin didn't know who she was at first, I bet he knows by the time he gives her his mutton.Does Tywin know that Cersei lost Arya? I didn't think so, so I don't see Tywin making that connection, because he believes Arya to be in Kings Landing.
783	StarkWard	2012-05-15	Does Tywin know that Cersei lost Arya? I didn't think so, so I don't see Tywin making that connection, because he believes Arya to be in Kings Landing.I also remember TV LF telling Tywin "a proposition from Lady Stark about her DAUGHTERS" right after Arya left the room. Note the plural. I don't think Cersei wanted it known that Arya was missing, so she probably instructed LF as such.
784	Ghost714	2012-05-15	I also remember TV LF telling Tywin "a proposition from Lady Stark about her DAUGHTERS" right after Arya left the room. Note the plural. I don't think Cersei wanted it known that Arya was missing, so she probably instructed LF as such.Exactly. I really do not think Tywin has been informed of Arya's escape. He certainly was not when Tyrion first got to Kings Landing, Tyrion says as much to Cersei when he first gets to the Capitol. Also, I imagine that Tyrion was trying to find Arya before Tywin finds out, and if Tyrion can't find her by the time Tywin learns the truth...well then, it was Cersei's fault for letting her escape.
785	HouseLark	2012-05-15	Does Tywin know that Cersei lost Arya? I didn't think so, so I don't see Tywin making that connection, because he believes Arya to be in Kings Landing.No he doesn't. If he did, he would have locked up this serving girl from the off just to satisfy a germ of a suspicion that she might be Arya Stark. He has figured out a lot and knows she's not a stonemason's daughter but as far as he is concerned, the Stark's are all accounted for. My guess is that it will dawn on him at one point, probably when he finally gets to King's Landing. Either that or there will be some action scene where Tywin finally hears of Arya's escape from KL just as she is going to make her escape from Harrenhall.
786	boojam	2012-05-15	They've never said, but she was 12-13 in the book, I think.  She seems 15-16 to me in the show, and the actress is 16.  All the kids are aged-up from what they were in the books.For various legal reasons due to child labor and adult content laws.I , for one, wished , George had not used that middle ages, well pre 20th century , cultural norm in the novels.
787	J_Crews	2012-05-15	She was 11 in the books and 13 in the show IIRC. She should be around 14 now.According to the wiki, she was born in 286AL, making her of an age with Joffrey and 12 when Ned dies in 298AL.  I would say she's closer to 15, going on 16, in the show, because Joffrey is clearly supposed to be 16 or so, and they're playing Arya as a 13-14 year old (Sansa is 2+ years older than her).  They've never said specific ages on the show, but it isn't hard to see.
788	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-15	So in the show Joffry is already ruling independently? If he's 16? I remember people made a rather big deal out of this in the book (like Tyrion thinking he'd better get the hell out of there before Joffry's 16), can't remember if it was mentioned in the show.
789	J_Crews	2012-05-15	For various legal reasons due to child labor and adult content laws.I , for one, wished , George had not used that middle ages, well pre 20th century , cultural norm in the novels.For me, I just have to try suspend my cultural bias in order to enjoy it and not get creeped-out.  Like you said, the way we think of age-appropriateness now is wholly a product of the last century.  My great-grandmother was married to my great-grandfather when she was 12; family lore talks of her waiting for him to go to work to sneak and play with her dolls, which is sad by today's standards, but marrying young like that was perfectly normal back then.  You gave daughters to men who could provide for a family, not boys.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 15 May 2012 - 05:35 AM.
790	J_Crews	2012-05-15	So in the show Joffry is already ruling independently? If he's 16? I remember people made a rather big deal out of this in the book (like Tyrion thinking he'd better get the hell out of there before Joffry's 16), can't remember if it was mentioned in the show.16 was age of majority in the book.  Robb was 15 when AGoT started, 16 when named King in the North.  They talk about Robert winning the throne 15 years ago.  In the show, they say 17 years ago, meaning, in the show, Robb is 17 when AGoT started, 18 when named King in the North.  Seems to me they've modernized the age of majority in the show's version of Westeros to 18, like we have it.
791	Evamitchelle	2012-05-15	According to the wiki, she was born in 286AL, making her of an age with Joffrey and 12 when Ned dies in 298AL.  I would say she's closer to 15, going on 16, in the show, because Joffrey is clearly supposed to be 16 or so, and they're playing Arya as a 13-14 year old (Sansa is 2+ years older than her).  They've never said specific ages on the show, but it isn't hard to see.At the beginning of the first book Sansa is still 11. When Robert tells Ned he wants Joffrey and Sansa to marry he responds that : "Sansa is only eleven." Arya is 9 years old, Bran 7 and Rickon 3.I'm pretty sure Arya is supposed to be 11-12 rather than 13-14 in the show, making Sansa 13-14. Bran is confirmed as 10 and Rickon at 6. The Game of Thrones wiki lists Sansa as 14 right now.16 was age of majority in the book. Robb was 15 when AGoT started, 16 when named King in the North. They talk about Robert winning the throne 15 years ago. In the show, they say 17 years ago, meaning, in the show, Robb is 17 when AGoT started, 18 when named King in the North. Seems to me they've modernized the age of majority in the show's version of Westeros to 18, like we have it.Robb was 14 in the first book and 15 when he became King in the North.
					
					
							Edited by Evamitchelle, 15 May 2012 - 05:43 AM.
792	Evamitchelle	2012-05-15	According to the wiki, she was born in 286AL, making her of an age with Joffrey and 12 when Ned dies in 298AL.  I would say she's closer to 15, going on 16, in the show, because Joffrey is clearly supposed to be 16 or so, and they're playing Arya as a 13-14 year old (Sansa is 2+ years older than her).  They've never said specific ages on the show, but it isn't hard to see.Actually there's no need for speculation because I just remembered that Sansa's age is given right in the first episode of the series. Cersei asks her how old she is and Sansa answers that she's 13. Which means that she is now 14 and that Arya was probably 11 but now 12.
793	The Last Dragon	2012-05-15	Loved the episode. Loved the history told, the mentioning of names, events dating back 100+ years. Made me smile. 'Loved the You know nothing Jon Snow'. Those little things need to be perfect for me to work, and it did beautifully. Don't care about the deviations, the show is perfect television, the acting is out of this world and it's clever and intelligent at times. Love it to be surprised at times.
And one actor is honoured far too less on this boards; Hodor. I just get all warm inside seeing that big man smile like a little child and say 'Hodor'. It's just perfection... Seeing the images in my head come to life. We are lucky people.
					
					
							Edited by The Last Dragon, 15 May 2012 - 06:09 AM.
794	legba11	2012-05-15	Hodor
795	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-15	Like when she advised Robb not to send Theon back to the Iron Islands, or asked him to petition for peace with the Lannisters, or told him to ally himself with Renly or Stannis. Oh wait, Show Cat did none of those things. Show Cat is completely incapable to taking any initiative, she exists only to react to all the interesting stuff other characters do, to give us a POV into "important king stuff" and to remind the audience that good mothers stay at home.That's sexism with a velvet glove right there. You're denying Cat is acting tough and holding her own in the face of  Karstark and even making him back down (something 6 men with swords couldn't), managed to broker an agreement with Renly, is still at Robb's side playing an important role despite her losses, bravely telling Stannis and Renly off when they're bickering, taking initiative when she realizes Jaime is going to get killed and Robb isn't around to decide, making her choice smarter than it was in the books because it is a logical decision rather than an emotional one, telling Robb the whole Greyjoy idea was a bad plan rather than just sending Theon (again making her smarter than in the books, because, she was obviously right!) and reminding Robb of his duties when he's flirting with the medic and being irresponsible. She's not just some dumb woman in the show, far from it. To say otherwise is really an insult to the great actress who plays her so strongly. It's funny you should say that she's only there to point out a stereotype while she has Brienne the Badass at her side as the epitome of female badassery (who even bites back when called 'woman' demeaningly, something I don't recall her do in the book either) in almost every scene, lol.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 15 May 2012 - 06:08 AM.
796	DaveSumm	2012-05-15	I am utterly baffled by the suggestions that Tyrion's chain would be too expensive to do. This is a show that has very frequent shots of living, breathing dragons, city landscapes, 700ft walls.......this is A CHAIN. I can only hope that it's being kept secret (from viewers) so that it's emergence from the Blackwater is more of a surprise. 
A Clash Of Kings is Tyrion's finest hour for me, and an ongoing source of frustration that his efforts are completely unrecognised despite the fact that he was a brilliant Hand. As it stands, when anyone in the future says his tenure was poor, the audience don't really have any evidence that it wasn't. A shame.
797	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-15	I was bothered with how they took the wildfire from him as well. Still I'm positive Tyrion will get the credit, I even think they'll make it a tide-changing effort later on in the battle rather than the start and not show the city was about to fall before the reinforcements arrived. The Tyrion's inventions caused would then replace the 'ghost of Renly' which would be somewhat hard to do or explain seeing as we haven't had a good or at least memorable shot of his armour. Although his banner would make for a nice enough substitute... They almost can't get around Tyrion taking over for the Hound, I think (the Hound *has* to leave and Tyrion pretty much *has* to get wounded by a King's Guard), which should establish enough heroism for him by itself. A short dialogue of "Who are these men?" as a motley group of guys run by to defend and Tyrion answering "I've been recruiting mercenaries! Someone has to defend this city!" or so and then the chain along with his sortie would be enough to establish him as the hero of the battle. The other side of me says the Blackwater will be extremely limited and a few short action scenes will be constantly interrupted with long dialogues as it usually goes, lol.
Something else I don't like is that Davos is going to lead the ships and thus will likely be the one making the mistake, while actually he is the one guy who was smart enough to prevent that disaster.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 15 May 2012 - 06:26 AM.
798	David Selig	2012-05-15	That's sexism with a velvet glove right there. You're denying Cat is acting tough and holding her own in the face of  Karstark and even making him back down (something 6 men with swords couldn't), managed to broker an agreement with Renly, is still at Robb's side playing an important role despite her losses, bravely telling Stannis and Renly off when they're bickering, taking initiative when she realizes Jaime is going to get killed and Robb isn't around to decide, making her choice smarter than it was in the books because it is a logical decision rather than an emotional one, telling Robb the whole Greyjoy idea was a bad plan rather than just sending Theon (again making her smarter than in the books, because, she was obviously right!) and reminding Robb of his duties when he's flirting with the medic and being irresponsible. She's not just some dumb woman in the show, far from it. To say otherwise is really an insult to the great actress who plays her so strongly. It's not Michelle Fairley's fault that the way her character is written in the show has been pretty mediocre overall. Her acting has been great, but what Evamitchelle objected to has nothing to do with acting.I was bothered with how they took the wildfire from him as well.Thy didn't took it from him, it was Cersei's idea in the books too.BTW, my impression is that the writers of the show didn't intend to make the fact that Bran and Rickon are alive and those bodies in the end aren't theirs, much of a secret. They telegraphed it pretty blatantly. It's not a error, they just intended to show it differently than in the books.
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 15 May 2012 - 07:11 AM.
799	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-05-15	I think it's harder to pull it off on screen than it is in the books and make people believe it's them.  In the books all you really have to do is have the village folk beleive it's true. Since the show is obviously more visual you would also have the audience at home to think about.
800	Evamitchelle	2012-05-15	That's sexism with a velvet glove right there.Haha good one. I'm the sexist one because I think Cat shouldn't be saying how much she misses her babies once per episode and because I want her decisions to remain hers instead of being given to any random character. You're denying Cat is acting tough and holding her own in the face of  Karstark and even making him back down (something 6 men with swords couldn't),I haven't mentioned her confrontation with Karstark.managed to broker an agreement with Renly,In the books she's the one who suggests sending an envoy. In the show she is told what to do by her teenage son. is still at Robb's side playing an important role despite her losses,In the books she chooses to remain at Robb's side because she recognizes that advising Robb is more useful than watching over Bran and Rickon (who are already looked after by an entire castle of people they've known all their lives). In the show she stays at Robb's side because Robb won't allow her to go to Winterfell. I quote : Cat : "It's time for me to go home. I haven't seen Bran and Rickon in months"Robb : "You can't go to Winterfell"Cat : "Beg your pardon ?"Robb : "I sent Rodrik to watch over the boys. Because tomorrow you'll ride south to the Stormlands."bravely telling Stannis and Renly off when they're bickering,One of the few things they kept from the books. taking initiative when she realizes Jaime is going to get killed and Robb isn't around to decide, making her choice smarter than it was in the books,In the books there is no impending death threat that pushed her into action. She receives the news of her sons' death and starts plotting Jaime's release, sending him wine to make him chattier for example, and going to speak with him when everyone in the castle is busy celebrating Edmure's victory at the Fords. In the show it's a spur-of-the-moment decision brought on by Karstark's imminent murder of Jaime. telling Robb the whole Greyjoy idea was a bad plan rather than just sending Theon (again making her smarter than in the books, because, she was obviously right!)Read the books again, because that's exactly what she does in there. Robb tells her of his plan to send an envoy to the Iron Islands, she tells him that she does not trust Balon Greyjoy because he is not trustworthy. Then she tells him that if he must send someone he should at least send anyone other than Theon. In the show they kept the first part (word-for-word I think) but cut the latter part, which is kind of the most important, aka that she's rightly doubting Theon's loyalty. and reminding Robb of his duties when he's flirting with the medic and being irresponsible.In the books he's not flirting in front of her so I'm not sure how you expect her to remind him of his responsibilities when he's hundreds of miles away. And her reaction on the show was pretty tame, especially when right before her responsibility speech she was smiling up at him with a conspiratorial look. She's not just some dumb woman in the show, far from it.If you're implying that she's dumb in the books I would suggest that you re-evaluate your opinion of her in the books, because she is anything but. To say otherwise is really an insult to the great actress who plays her so strongly.I have said nothing against Michelle Fairley, whom I find to be very talented. I only wish she had a better script to work with.  It's funny you should say that she's only there to point out a stereotype while she has Brienne the Badass at her side in almost every scene, lol.I don't see what that has got to do with anything. It's like saying that hanging around Brienne would make Cat taller. I think Brienne's portrayal on the show is quite good so far, but that doesn't impact on Cat's portrayal at all. Honestly I think they have butchered the character on the show. In an effort to pander to the haters, they have taken anything remotely controversial, i.e. interesting, about the character, and turned her into a great big blob of nothing. If you've ever taken part in a Cat argument on the forums before, you'll probably have noticed that people usually dislike or hate her for the same reasons :The "It should have been you" line she tells Jon when he tries to say goodbye to Bran. Changed to the much tamer "I want you to leave".Advising Ned to go South, which some people think somehow caused his death. In the show she only ever asks him to stay.Arresting Tyrion and "single-handedly starting the war of the five kings". It remains untouched, mostly because it's a pivotal plot-point.Not going home to Winterfell like a good mother. In the show she stays at Robb's side because he tells her to, and keeps complaining that her place is in Winterfell and not in Robb's camp.Freeing Jaime and betraying Robb. Now they're making her look like she's preventing Karstark's treason rather than committing her own.So out of the 5 main reasons people usually have for hating Cat (and make no mistake, Cat is probably the most-reviled POV character in the series besides Cersei), they have changed 4. The worse part is that it validates all the criticism laid out against her, while most of it is completely ridiculous and unfounded. Not only that, they have also given most of her decisions or ideas to other people : paying homage to Renly becomes Robb's idea, freeing Jaime is done out of Littlefinger's influence and Karstark's threats, sneaking out of Renly's camp becomes Brienne's idea etc. And instead of having her kill a man during the attack on the Vale she cowers in a corner for the entire scene. I would suggest that the writers are much more sexist than me here. /Rant over.
801	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-15	It's not Michelle Fairley's fault that the way her character is written in the show has been pretty mediocre overall. Her acting has been great, but what Evamitchelle objected to has nothing to do with acting.When she's obviously portraying Catelyn as a strong, intelligent woman and not 'the dumb woman stereotype who should be an example women should stay at home', yet it is claimed she's failing at her attempt, I find that to be rather demeaning. Saying her portrayal is a sexist stereotype, is completely ignoring her standing up to Karstark. You don't have to say so explicitly.How being given a great responsibility by her King while he could rely on countless men to do his bidding, yet he finds her the best person for the job is sexist, is beyond me.In the show, they make it seem inevitable that she would have to release Jaime because he was going to get killed and make her decision smart. They make it look like she is doing a good job while Robb is away, not sitting around like a sexist stereotype that would not be able to make a decision without a man by her side rather than make her decision completely emotional, rather than logical. Whether you like this twist or not is up to you, but it's not sexist at all. It shows Cat to be a strong, shrewd woman who is able to make the most of a very difficult situation.The exact wording is irrelevant, the show retains the basic value of the scene: Catelyn warned Robb against doing something she thought to be dumb, he didn't listen, Catelyn was right, Robb was wrong. How is this sexist? It's merely 1. shortening the scene 2. avoiding having to explain the whole Theon being a hostage thing again, something a lot of people who only watch the show might not have understood / remembered / even seen.I'm not talking about the books, I'm talking about that scene where Robb's flirting. She's polite when Jeyne is there and it only makes sense she's smart enough not to make a huge scene to Robb in front of his men, imagine how bad for morale it would be for soldiers to see their King berated by his mummy like a little kid? Cat handled this situation well and again her intelligence shows as opposed to Robb's (it seems to be a recurring theme), you'd be blind not to see it.I agree with you she is not dumb, which is why I didn't say she was dumb. See? It can be that easy. If you want my opinion on book Cat, it would be that while I may not agree with everything she's done, people often forget she just lost her friggin' husband and children and is bound not to be at her best, and often had very little time to make decisions. Capturing Tyrion as a counter-weight to the hostages the Lannisters (virtually) had still seems like a good decision to me. And again people forget how little time she had to react after Tyrion confronted her, and how it thus wasn't her initial plan. But that's for another thread.If I were a sexist screen writer, and I wanted scenes that showed the inferiority of women, I would not have a hulking badass like Brienne in the background who proves the opposite of what I'm trying to prove by her mere presence. So Brienne's presence does matter.She didn't partake in the action when the Hillmen attacked, that's true, but she did fight off the 'You're not supposed to be here' dude, a scene that no doubt created a lot of respect for her which I would have definitely taken out and given solely to the wolf if I were a sexist screenwriter.Making her less controversial is again, not sexist. It's happened to all the characters. Even freakin' Tywin shows moments of humanity.You think it's sexist Brienne takes decisive action rather than Catelyn, showing Brienne can keep a cool head after the horrible thing that happened to her? Err, yeah... well then. Brienne is a woman. How substituting one smart action by a woman by a brave and smart action by another woman is sexist is, again, beyond me.Your huge defense rant of Cat is meaningless, because I haven't said whether I liked or didn't like the character, you were saying 'hurr durr the show writers are sexist'. They should have perhaps chosen another tale than ASOIAF, a series with *a lot* of strong female characters, to write for then.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 15 May 2012 - 07:26 AM.
802	Buckwheat	2012-05-15	I agree that Catelyn's role has been downplayed so far, but I did not really see it in this particular episode. I loved her scene with Jaime and she showed her strong side in it, which I very much like (still, I hate the idea the LF had to spell out to her the plan that she has to release Jaime). I was puzzled as to why would the script writers need to make Jaime talk about Brienne in every second sentence, instead of the focusing on the topic, but it was still a great scene.
There was far too much blood on Sansa's bed. I do not think she would survive bleeding like that for a week. I wonder what the actresses themselves thought about it.
Overall, I liked the scenes directly from the book the most.
803	Buckwheat	2012-05-15	/Rant over.That was no rant. It was a very good thought-out and well-written post. I agree with everything you said.
804	ghost the direwolf	2012-05-15	I loved JOn/Ygritte, Tywin/Arya, Sansa/Shea, Cat/Jaime 
The Hound /sansa was weak  so i guess no Sansan here, I did not like the fact that suddenly Daenerys to cold with Jorah for no reason since we did not get the kiss, and the all Qarth and Quaithe things. I liked the way in the book  Daenerys is very welcome in this city, all the presents given to her. She felt important as the mother of dragons, but here not at all.
Rob /jeyne did not like it .
I still liked this episode.
805	Raksha the Demon	2012-05-15	I finally saw the episode, and liked it quite a bit.  Although there were a few plot deviations that I didn't care for, the acting was spot-on from almost everyone.Con's:Why has Shae become Sansa's new BFF?  Shae has always been, in the books and on the show, someone who looks out for Shae first and wants coin and opportunity.  Next thing you know, Shae and Sansa will be having girl talk about Boys and Sex /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />  .  What's in it for Shae?  Does she foresee Sansa becoming Joffrey's eventual queen and want to be on her good side?  Or did Shae want to have a nice juicy secret with which to blackmail Sansa, or to tell Tyrion, i.e. that Sansa had flowered and ready-to-wed?Why on earth, or Westeros, would the Hound run and tell Cersei that Sansa had flowered?  It made no sense.  His job is not to spy on Sansa (unless Joffrey or Cersei has recently ordered him to do so), it's to protect Joffrey; I never saw the Hound as a squealer.Jaime murdering his cousin.  Jaime is a despicable person, but he has always displayed loyalty to his family, including poor cousins.  Also, why would the Starks and their guards allow one of the most lethal fighters in Westeros to have so much free movement in his pen with that conveniently long chain?Gregor Clegane a.k.a. The Mountain is handsome?  Weird and unsettling.  I didn't recognize him; I was looking at the fellow and thinking 'who's that; he's attractive', until Tywin called him by name.Pro's:The Sandor/Sansa interaction in the hall, especially the way his eyes followed her as she left; and the intense, though guarded, emotion on his face.  Nice acting, McCann!  (a bit late to kick-start the SanSan relationship though; it's going to be a bit sudden when he ambushes her in her room during the battle; I'll probably never forgive the writers for making Littlefinger be the one to tell the Hound/Mountain story to Sansa last season instead of Sandor) Sansa was also looking prettier than in the first two or three episodes; either she's had a growth spurt or they're dressing her with more care.  The Dany/Jorah conversation about trust really worked for me; and showed me how inexperienced Dany is at ruling.  Jorah was very appealing in this scene; definitely melted my heart.  It's nice to see the actors looking washed and wearing light or bright colors for a change; Jorah is one good-looking man.  Pyat Pree is serious Badass!  The Tyrion/Cersei conversation worked as well; despite the character assassination of book-Cersei.  Show-Cersei, a different woman, showed how unhappy and insecure she was, even now, when her hated husband was dead and her beloved son Joffrey was on the throne.  Tyrion wanted instinctively to comfort Cersei; because he could tell her emotion was real, at the same time, you could almost see that he has felt the claws of his lioness-sister his entire life and was reluctant to get too close to her, the wariness was in his eyes.  And she couldn't quite let herself be comforted by him, although she was aware of his attempt to try.  A nice scene.Theon just gets himself deeper and deeper into the Dark Side, doesn't he.  Poor Maester Luwin!  Good acting all around. I hope that Maester Luwin is going to realize soon that the poor dead boys aren't Bran and Rickon, since it would have made sense, if Theon really wanted everyone to know how tough he was, he'd have had Luwin witness the torture and killing of the kids rather than send him home.  And, um, no big obviously Hodor-sized corpse?  But obviously the deception works; and the sight of those pathetic little bodies made for a strong ending.Catelyn's scenes were wonderful.  I don't remember exactly how book-Catelyn differed; at this point I don't care; the woman stood her ground against dozens of angry bannermen, one sword at her side, and made them all back down.  And her interaction with Jaime was great too, the two actors going at each other with eyes and voice; Jaime was the every inch the chained but unbroken lion mocking her even while expecting imminent death, Catelyn was stern and righteous, fire to his ice and ice to his fire.  Jon Snow and Ygritte, the new comedy sensation North-of-the-Wall!  A lot of exposition without any nudity, it was fun and worked rather well; though I wished Ygritte had mentioned that Jon seemed to be totally lost, directionally; I mean, he knows nothing...Double Direwolf Sighting - Shaggydog and Summer!  Too bad it was only for two seconds.  And it's another Roz-free episode; hooray!
806	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-15	Joffrey is too old in the show for there to be a Regent over him.  They pretend that Cersei is the Regent, and also pretend that his word outranks hers.  That makes no sense whatsoever.
807	Lady Sansa Stark	2012-05-15	I agree that Catelyn's role has been downplayed so far, but I did not really see it in this particular episode. I loved her scene with Jaime and she showed her strong side in it, which I very much like (still, I hate the idea the LF had to spell out to her the plan that she has to release Jaime). I was puzzled as to why would the script writers need to make Jaime talk about Brienne in every second sentence, instead of the focusing on the topic, but it was still a great scene.There was far too much blood on Sansa's bed. I do not think she would survive bleeding like that for a week. I wonder what the actresses themselves thought about it.Overall, I liked the scenes directly from the book the most.There wasn't too much blood, far from it. If she had been bleeding for an hour, it should look like that. It's superficial, really. Never had an 'accident' like that before, assuming you're a girl?
808	boojam	2012-05-15	[font=georgia,serif]Why on earth, or Westeros, would the Hound run and tell Cersei that Sansa had flowered?  It made no sense.  His job is not to spy on Sansa (unless Joffrey or Cersei has recently ordered him to do so), it's to protect Joffrey; I never saw the Hound as a squealer.You are the first person I have seen to mention that. I thought the same thing. Was the Hound supposed to be hanging around Sansa's quarters anyway? He would have been one of the last people I would have thought to tell either Joff or Cersei.That was goofy.Did he really tell?Or was it that other , whats-her-name-handmaiden(?)(who I have seen before)... who regardless of Shae's threat told anyway.I can't remember in the book, ..., but no matter what Sansa did the whole deal would have been impossible to keep secret anyway.Besides , don't remember when it happens, but thought after the war in the north, the marriage of Sansa to Joff was on Cersei's back burner anyway , even if and when Sansa became available.
809	wolverine	2012-05-15	The show continues to make Catelyn a much more intelligent, rational, likeable character.  They have now stripped her of most of her blunders from the book (other than capturing Tyrion on LF word).
810	wolverine	2012-05-15	I am utterly baffled by the suggestions that Tyrion's chain would be too expensive to do. This is a show that has very frequent shots of living, breathing dragons,Are we watching the same show?
811	Evamitchelle	2012-05-15	When she's obviously portraying Catelyn as a strong, intelligent woman and not 'the dumb woman stereotype who should be an example women should stay at home', yet it is claimed she's failing at her attempt, I find that to be rather demeaning. Saying her portrayal is a sexist stereotype, is completely ignoring her standing up to Karstark. You don't have to say so explicitly.How being given a great responsibility by her King while he could rely on countless men to do his bidding, yet he finds her the best person for the job is sexist, is beyond me.In the show, they make it seem inevitable that she would have to release Jaime because he was going to get killed and make her decision smart. They make it look like she is doing a good job while Robb is away, not sitting around like a sexist stereotype that would not be able to make a decision without a man by her side rather than make her decision completely emotional, rather than logical. Whether you like this twist or not is up to you, but it's not sexist at all. It shows Cat to be a strong, shrewd woman who is able to make the most of a very difficult situation.The exact wording is irrelevant, the show retains the basic value of the scene: Catelyn warned Robb against doing something she thought to be dumb, he didn't listen, Catelyn was right, Robb was wrong. How is this sexist? It's merely 1. shortening the scene 2. avoiding having to explain the whole Theon being a hostage thing again, something a lot of people who only watch the show might not have understood / remembered / even seen.I'm not talking about the books, I'm talking about that scene where Robb's flirting. She's polite when Jeyne is there and it only makes sense she's smart enough not to make a huge scene to Robb in front of his men, imagine how bad for morale it would be for soldiers to see their King berated by his mummy like a little kid? Cat handled this situation well and again her intelligence shows as opposed to Robb's (it seems to be a recurring theme), you'd be blind not to see it.I agree with you she is not dumb, which is why I didn't say she was dumb. See? It can be that easy. If you want my opinion on book Cat, it would be that while I may not agree with everything she's done, people often forget she just lost her friggin' husband and children and is bound not to be at her best, and often had very little time to make decisions. Capturing Tyrion as a counter-weight to the hostages the Lannisters (virtually) had still seems like a good decision to me. And again people forget how little time she had to react after Tyrion confronted her, and how it thus wasn't her initial plan. But that's for another thread.If I were a sexist screen writer, and I wanted scenes that showed the inferiority of women, I would not have a hulking badass like Brienne in the background who proves the opposite of what I'm trying to prove by her mere presence. So Brienne's presence does matter.She didn't partake in the action when the Hillmen attacked, that's true, but she did fight off the 'You're not supposed to be here' dude, a scene that no doubt created a lot of respect for her which I would have definitely taken out and given solely to the wolf if I were a sexist screenwriter.Making her less controversial is again, not sexist. It's happened to all the characters. Even freakin' Tywin shows moments of humanity.You think it's sexist Brienne takes decisive action rather than Catelyn, showing Brienne can keep a cool head after the horrible thing that happened to her? Err, yeah... well then. Brienne is a woman. How substituting one smart action by a woman by a brave and smart action by another woman is sexist is, again, beyond me.Your huge defense rant of Cat is meaningless, because I haven't said whether I liked or didn't like the character, you were saying 'hurr durr the show writers are sexist'. They should have perhaps chosen another tale than ASOIAF, a series with *a lot* of strong female characters, to write for then.First things first, I have always refrained from throwing the word "sexism" around when discussing the show's portrayal of Cat. This was actually the first instance, and you'll notice I only said it twice (one paraphrasing you), and only because you're the one who cried sexism when I voiced my dislike of Cat's portrayal on the show. There are 11 instances of the word in your post, plus your original attack. You should probably tone it down a bit. As it stands, every one of your arguments against me relies on my one implication that I find the writers "more sexist than me", which makes your entire post rather strawman-y. I never said that every change on its own was "sexist", I'm only saying that, viewed as a whole, the final picture isn't very pretty. While I do not particularly find Show!Cat a "sexist stereotype" (your words here, not mine) on her own, she definitely suffers from the comparison with Book!Cat. If I'd watched the show first I don't think I would have been particularly put off by anything in her story line, it's seeing what they've chosen to change from her narrative that makes me very dubious as to the writers' intentions. As for your claim that removing Cat's advice was done because viewers would not remember Theon's situation, I think it's pretty insulting to their intelligence that you think it likely they'd forget a character who has been in 9 out of 10 episodes in the first season. Especially since he reminds them at least once per scene that he is not a Stark, only their ward/hostage. Besides, it's not like they know who Balon Greyjoy is at that point. Also choosing to focus on a 3-word sentence I put in parentheses instead of focusing on the rest of my argument was not the greatest idea. My point was that Catelyn was able to successfully predict Theon's betrayal when no one else was, showing that she was an adequate judge of character and had a good mind for politics. It would have added about 10 seconds to the scene. And the reason I dislike this change so much is that all the other advice she gives in the books has been stripped as well. She does not plead for peace when Robb is named King in the North, she does not show to him that paying Renly homage is important, she does not warn him against Theon. As for all the characters becoming more sympathetic... Let's compare Jaime and Cersei's portrayal in this episode, since they are after all supposed to be the same person in two bodies. Jaime finds himself in a cell with his (distant) cousin, Alton Lannister, probably half his age and an old squire of his. They fondly reminisce about that time when they were squires, and Jaime tells him that he did very well in his role. Then he bashes his head him with his fists out of self-preservation, and strangles a young guard with his chains. He spends the rest of the episode trying to piss off anyone who ever talks to him. Nothing of the sort happened in the books, except the killing a guard part (but he did with a sword, and not his bare hands). Compare that to Cersei's actions, who imparts some womanly wisdom to Sansa. She reminisces about Jaime and Robert aloud. Then she has a small one-on-one with Tyrion where she muses about her past sins and Joffrey's morality. Nothing of the sort happened in the books. It's also important to note that Cersei had a stillborn baby with Robert instead of a voluntary abortion, that she used to have feelings for him for about a year while she should have started hating his guts on the night of their wedding and never ordered the murder of babies and small children like she did in the books. It doesn't take a genius to see that Cersei has been softened quite a bit, or made "more sympathetic" as the writers would say. A similar thing seems to be happening to Shae, who is mostly acting out of self-interest in the books, but is in the show ready to incur the queen's heart to protect the tearful teenager. Gods forbid a woman be unlikable, amirite ? Being sexist isn't always restricted to thinking all women are inferior to men you know. Fandom usually has no problem with characters like Arya, Asha and Brienne, because they occupy traditionally male roles, aka the role of a fighter. It's especially easy to see when comparing people's reaction to Arya and Sansa. The former is a cocky, plucky tomboy who talks back to armoured men twice her size, wants to become a fighter instead of a lady, and eventually joins a group of super-powered assassins, the latter is traditionally feminine, crushes on boys, likes pretty dresses and romantic songs about true love. Unsurprisingly, Arya is ranked at #3 on the Tower of the Hand's Top 30 Characters while Sansa is at #18, but also makes an appearance on the most hated list and is routinely berated for being passive, useless or simply a bitch.And once again your last paragraph confuses me. I really don't see why you think my entire post was based on what I perceived your opinion to be. It doesn't really matter if you like her or not, which is why I never brought up the subject. Similarly, I haven't really talked about my feelings towards the character, though I think it shows pretty obviously. Since all you've managed to get out of my post is that I think "the screenwriters are sexist hur durr durr" let me explain more clearly my problem with Cat's adaptation.For one thing, I absolutely do not understand why the writers would feel the need to make her character more sympathetic to the viewers. If someone is incapable of feeling sympathy for a woman who loses her husband, her two sons and two daughters and witnesses the murder of her last remaining child before going mad and having her throat slit, I would suggest that the problem lies with them and not the character. By changing the elements of her story line that most of her detractors agreed on, they are validating their complaints and making it the correct interpretation. When they change her active decision to remain with Robb instead of going with her younger sons and have her repeat ad nauseam that her place is in Winterfell they are agreeing with it and saying that a good mother's place is at home with the children and not in a military camp. When they change her motivations for freeing Jaime, turning it from her betraying Robb to her preventing Karstark's betrayal they are implying that she was wrong to "disobey" her teenage son's wishes. Then they are getting rid of every piece of advice she ever had, stripping the character of an important layer of characterization. Catelyn was raised as the heir to Riverrun until Edmure's birth, and was the Lady of Winterfell for 15 years. As a result she has developed a good mind for politics, and is capable of giving great advice in times of war. Advising to keep Theon close was a good idea, making peace with the Lannisters would have been a god idea, bending the knee to Renly would have been a good idea etc. But everyone around her ignores her because she is 1) a woman, aka the gentle sex who knows nothing of war and 2) a middle-aged (by Westeros standards) mother, and kings don't "hide behind their mother's skirts". Despite all that hostility she still chooses to hang in there and speak her damn mind, and even though she does miss her younger sons (she never expresses the desire to go home to Robb though) she believes she can help her eldest in a meaningful way and fights to remain at his side. In the end all she gets in thanks is a forced vacation to Seaguard with Lord Mallister so Robb can keep playing the king. The show makes her much more passive in that way, because she doesn't even give any political/military advice anymore and because she is shown to be staying against her will. Book!Cat wanted to stay with Robb, which is why she sent Ser Rodrik back to Winterfell and named him castellan, Show!Cat is forced to stay with Robb, and it is therefore him who orders Ser Rodrik back to Winterfell. Maybe you think it's only a minor decision, but with all the other changes it becomes a trend rather than an isolated element. So basically, D&D have taken out this whole dimension to her story line where she has to fight the gross misogyny around her to make herself heard. tl;dr : Show!Cat isn't so bad on her own, but the comparison to Book!Cat makes her look passive, indecisive and unoriginal, thus making me question D&D's ability to portray female characters that do not fall into the Tomboy or Ice Queen tropes.
812	HouseLark	2012-05-15	[M]aking me question D&D's ability to portray female characters that do not fall into the Tomboy or Ice Queen tropes.They've done well enough with Sansa, Melisandre and Margaery who do not fall into either category. Even Ygritte hasn't really been portrayed as a tomboy so far though I expect that she will further down the line. So far she has been fiery, playful and very feminine. The points you make about Cat are fair, I just don't think that it's accurate to generalize from that.
813	boojam	2012-05-15	In conclusion... enough anger that the show isnt as epic as the books.. There is not enough time for the epic to be told on screen, and never will be.  The second we accept this is the second we can sit back and just enjoy the show.  I dont recall hearing people care about the variations to X-Men or Avengers as venomously as ASOIAF readers seem to care about the differences here.  Accept the very definition of "BASED ON".  My main concern here is making sure GRRM finishes our books.  These shows are a great way to get me through my time waiting.  Be happy guys... its not like the writers butchered the show like Eragon got butchered ruining that phenomenal series.  This is a great show.When the whole series comes to an end, supposing I live that long...it might be interesting to have a poll asking people if they would rather NOT have seen Song of Ice and Fire done as an HBO TV series?Or maybe we could ask that now?
814	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-15	Are we watching the same show?What an insulting question!
815	boojam	2012-05-15	Actually there's no need for speculation because I just remembered that Sansa's age is given right in the first episode of the series. Cersei asks her how old she is and Sansa answers that she's 13. Which means that she is now 14 and that Arya was probably 11 but now 12.Seems to me , on the show, they have stopped giving explicit ages to the 'child' actors... or at least I wish they would stop it... since if this show goes into a fourth season all the former 'child' actors will be late age teenagers. Another season or two and they will be young adults.
816	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-15	tl;dr : Show!Cat isn't so bad on her own, but the comparison to Book!Cat makes her look passive, indecisive and unoriginal, thus making me question D&D's ability to portray female characters that do not fall into the Tomboy or Ice Queen tropes.Why in the world are you using an exclamation point instead of a hyphen?  This new!fangled typography is mind!boggling.
817	Evamitchelle	2012-05-15	They've done well enough with Sansa, Melisandre and Margaery who do not fall into either category. Even Ygritte hasn't really been portrayed as a tomboy so far though I expect that she will further down the line. So far she has been fiery, playful and very feminine. The points you make about Cat are fair, I just don't think that it's accurate to generalize from that.Well most of Sansa's scenes are taken straight for the books : in this episode it was almost word-for-word, except when they had Shae threaten a maid with a butter knife (that's what it looked like to me). But I didn't like her portrayal in season 1 all that much, where she seemed overly bitchy to me. Basically I think they do well with the women who fight (Arya, Ygritte, Brienne) or the women who scheme (Margaery, Melisandre) but they have a pretty big weakness when it comes to more traditionally feminine characters like Catelyn and Sansa. Arya's comment of "most girls are dumb" followed by Tywin laughing and agreeing with her seems to support that. Why in the world are you using an exclamation point instead of a hyphen?  This new!fangled typography is mind!boggling.It's a common way to mash up two words in fandoms.
818	dark  sister	2012-05-15	So you would rather just had been one season?Come on, that's not really a good question. We all hoped that the second season would be as good as the first. Imo, it's not, so that's the problem.  They are deviating from the books much more in this season for some reason.  Why do that, when the books are gold?  You ignored my point!  Which is: they bit off more than they can chew.  It's a very complex series, and tv isn't equipped to deal with it unless they give 2 hours for each episode.
819	HouseLark	2012-05-15	Well most of Sansa's scenes are taken straight for the books : in this episode it was almost word-for-word, except when they had Shae threaten a maid with a butter knife (that's what it looked like to me). But I didn't like her portrayal in season 1 all that much, where she seemed overly bitchy to me. Basically I think they do well with the women who fight (Arya, Ygritte, Brienne) or the women who scheme (Margaery, Melisandre) but they have a pretty big weakness when it comes to more traditionally feminine characters like Catelyn and Sansa. Arya's comment of "most girls are dumb" followed by Tywin laughing and agreeing with her seems to support that.That's kind of harsh, it was a perfectly Arya-like thing to say, I don't think it reflects how the writers feel about women. But just o go back to the female characters; Yrgritte hasn't been a fighter so far. As I mentioned, she's been forthright and playful. Obviously she will become a fighter but she's also overtly sexual and passionate in the books. I also think that there's more to Margaery and Melisandre than scheming, both are most definitely passionate women. Where I might agree is that there aren't any examples of emotionally vulnerable women in the show, other than maybe a couple of scenes with Cersei (and of course Sansa). But then, the men tend to fall into a few defined categories or schemer, fighter, good leader, or cruel leader; only Jon Snow and Sam are providing anything different right now, and maybe Hodor for different reasons.
820	dark  sister	2012-05-15	When the whole series comes to an end, supposing I live that long...it might be interesting to have a poll asking people if they would rather NOT have seen Song of Ice and Fire done as an HBO TV series?Or maybe we could ask that now?I'm glad you asked that question.  I couldn't give less of a crap that, after it's all done, ASOIAF was made into a tv series.I don't care how unpopular that opinion might be.Books are always better, and I'm not a huge TV fan.So there you go.
821	King Rickon and his Dawg	2012-05-15	Wait...did you guys actually think Bran and Rickon were dead when you read the book? Personally I don't believe a character is dead unless I see it with my own eyes, and something definitely felt off about that Theon/Reek scene on the hunt.
822	Raksha the Demon	2012-05-15	You are the first person I have seen to mention that. I thought the same thing. Was the Hound supposed to be hanging around Sansa's quarters anyway?He would have been one of the last people I would have thought to tell either Joff or Cersei.That was goofy.Did he really tell?Or was it that other , whats-her-name-handmaiden(?)(who I have seen before)... who regardless of Shae's threat told anyway.I can't remember in the book, ..., but no matter what Sansa did the whole deal would have been impossible to keep secret anyway.Besides , don't remember when it happens, but thought after the war in the north, the marriage of Sansa to Joff was on Cersei's back burner anyway , even if and when Sansa became available.In the book, Sansa was freaked out about the riot; even though she wasn't seized and nearly gang-raped, men tried to pull her from her horse and would have if the Hound hadn't stepped up to save her and bring her back; I think she saw him cut off someone's arm.  She had the nightmare about people chasing and stabbing her, and then awoke to find that she was bleeding.  Sansa then freaked out, and started trying to destroy all evidence of the blood, and nearly burned up her room.  While she was cutting up her clothes and trying to burn the mattress, her maids thought she was going crazy and left the room, and probably went to get help; eventually they came back and Sansa was subdued and then cleaned and bathed (during which time she calmed down) and later sent to Cersei for lunch (which she couldn't eat) and rather kind advice.  It was the only time that Cersei was actually kind to Sansa. The inference in the books was that the maids, who were known by Sansa to spy on her for Cersei, told the Queen.  But the way that Sansa was reacting to her flowering, someone would definitely have known.  The way it's written, Sansa's extreme reaction was due to PTSD from the riot (which carried over to her nightmare) as well as the knowledge that she would be married to Joffrey after she flowered.I don't think that Cersei planned to marry Joffrey to Sansa; but until she came up with more advantageous marriage for Joffrey and/or Sansa, that was the public course of action.
823	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-15	'First things first', there was no 'attack' in my post. Get that idea out of your head. Thanks. Now then, 'Throwing the word sexism around' is virtually the same thing as making the very extreme (and wrong) statement 'showcat is just a reminder that a woman should be at home with her babies'. The final picture is made by all those small changes, so me addressing them one by one (especially since you brought them up) is no more than logical.I do not particularly find Show!Cat a "sexist stereotype"Then how she could possibly be 'just a reminder that a woman should remain at home with her babies.?' ^__^I gave different options for it, since I, as opposed to you, don't think I can see inside the minds of the screenwriters. Even following your trail of thought, the logical conclusion would still be they did not find it necessary to repeat the fact Theon is a hostage, not 'they want to make Cat seem unimportant and dumb.' Given your faith in the intelligence of the audience, I'm sure you'll agree they'll be smart enough to put 2 and 2 together and realize Cat saying it is a bad idea entails both not trusting Balon and not trusting Theon. Or that she did not trust Theon, but thought it smarter to question Balon's loyalty to get her point across than doubt Robb's good friend. Or that they want the audience to think for themselves and maybe say 'hmm, maybe Cat wasn't too fond of Theon to begin with...?', look back and watch the episodes again for clues. You see, many possible theories. But no, out of all possible options, it has to be 'we want to make Cat seem dumb an irrelevant.'As for Jaime, some of the audience may be shocked, but I'm pretty sure a lot of them will find him badass because of that scene as well. Sympathy can be gained on different levels, and a lot of people have weird taste.Yes, Cersei and Shae are way nicer in the series (it wasn't very difficult to do however, both of them are still pretty iffy and in Shae's case it doesn't even make much sense). That's what I'm saying. As for unlikeable women, now that I think of it Melisandre is pretty unlikeable in the show compared to the book, and Margaery doesn't appear very nice either, especially not as innocent as she was in the book. Whory and vainglorious, more likely. Of course, you can hardly speak of this in absolutes because opinions will differ on that. Again though, rather than attribute it to 'hurr, woman cannot be unlikeable! They have to fit in a nice little frame!' you could also think positively and attribute this to the show wanting to stress the fact there are no 'wholly evil' or 'wholly good' characters (something GRRM really stresses on, even in interviews), something that is easier to get across in the books through their thoughts and the masses of information you get compared to a little bit of screentime.The character's popularity among fans is obsolete to the screenwriter's intentions which we're discussing. I don't see why you brought that up.From your huge defence of Cat and your assumption I was implying she was dumb I took it you thought I was a Cat-hater. It may not have been very relevant, but I thought I'd point it out I'm not a Cat-hater, on the contrary, while I was at it.Robb tells Cat not to go home in the show. I interpret that as Cat is competent, she doesn't have to go home because she is too freakin' important. That makes her appear much smarter than when she stays of her own will and then fucks up. As in being wrong, the 'Jaime would have died and had no more purpose anyway' argument you can make in the show quickly turns that around.It could be that I just don't remember it, but the scene where Catelyn stands up to Karstark is Show-only as I recall it. Why make up an extra scene like that when you're only trying to put Cat down?Catelyn was simplified, but then not one show character has been as complete as it was in the books, it simply seems to me you're paying more attention to her missing scenes than any others. The basis is still there: she's clearly a strong-willed woman who does give good advice even if she didn't say everything she said in the books and is counted upon, and I'm sure most people (especially those who haven't read the books) will see her that way. If you don't like her in the adaption, that's all up to you, but don't blame it on sexism, because that's just ridiculous. Asoiaf is like the worst series you could ever use to attempt to get a sexist message across, lol. A lot of what you say has nothing to do with the screenwriters anyway, but are simply things that happen in the story regardless and can be brought down to the fact that Westeros just isn't a very nice place for women, or people in general ^__^I could be here complaining about how Jon Snow is a complete pussy in the show who gets repeatedly owned by Ygritte (as well as everyone else) and bring that down to sexism as well, but since it makes little sense to me I'd rather look for other less nonsensical reasons.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 15 May 2012 - 12:31 PM.
824	Arya The Assassin	2012-05-15	A dialogue-heavy episode, but the dialogue was for the most part quite interesting. Episode 6 was more exciting though.Good:Maisie's best scene so far with Charles Dance. The interesting thing is that Arya didn't actually meet Tywin like this in the novel, IIRC, but it still works. And it makes sense that she feels tempted to kill Tywin. This scene not only represents an opportunity for the writers to make their own (minor) changes to the screen adaptation, but it also gives Maisie some screentime and an opportunity to show her acting skills.The scene with Tyrion and Cersei. Another scene that I don't remember from the novel, but still fits in with the rest of the story. It was a nice, interesting touch to let Tyrion show a hint of sympathy for her sobbing sister, and see Cersei's reaction (as if she was saying "I'm crying and need some comfort, but not from you").Bad:The scene with the Kingslayer and the other guy in the pen. This scene dragged on for too long, especially when considering the relative unimportance of the scene (they could have cut to the 'climax' of the scene much earlier, without all the filler dialogue). It's the first time in this season that I feel that a scene is way too long.
825	Buckwheat	2012-05-15	There wasn't too much blood, far from it. If she had been bleeding for an hour, it should look like that. It's superficial, really. Never had an 'accident' like that before, assuming you're a girl?Yup, I am a girl, and still think there was too much blood for her first time, I have always heard girls saying that the first time, there was almost nothing. You say, she might have been bleeding for an hour, but they show that much blood that she could have been bleeding the whole week. At least in my experience.I think the blood on her legs and some smaller stains on her gown and sheets would have told it quite sufficietly and much more realistic.
826	dab0neman	2012-05-15	The reason this show *has* to be different this season and beyond is precisely what you've said:  Book One largely stays in a very few locations and the stories are not so deeply intertwined and interdependent on each other e.g. the Starks/Winterfell and Dany/Kahl Drohgo.  If you really think about it, there is more like 2.5 to 3 "books" so far if you consider that the events of books 2, 3, 4 and 5 overlap each other.  Story lines and minor characters will, of course, have to be chopped off.  I'm really liking that the overall story archs are being preserved while the characters are getting a chance to break out of their trite portrayals.  Tywin is a father to three children and he's fighting a war to secure their future.  I think him smiling a bit and acting the somewhat loving parent to Arya is an awesome addition to him and deepens his background.  Anyone can play the sourfaced "evil king" character but when you throw in scenes like the feeding of Arya, you make him more whole and complex.The books are the books.  There are time constraints as well as audience/entertainment sensibilities to consider.  Not everyone has read the books and piling on character after character, plot after plot, scheme after scheme would leave the average HBO Joe scratching his head every Sunday night.  I think they're doing it right by slowly progressing the main story points, hacking away the boring crap and changing it up where it would make some sense in a "real world" Weseteros.  They've got a season or two more to really hook us and I hope they get as much time as they need to tell the story.  Who knows, maybe we won't have to wait for GRRM to finish it, we'll see a "book 6" on screen first!Even though I am really happy that GOT was made into a series, I think that Benioff&Weiss have unfortunately bit off more than they could chew.  Here's why:In season 1, there were less characters, and although there was still a lot of background that made the story complicated and perhaps a bit difficult to understand for non-readers, it worked.  (Background info such as CotF, First Men, Andals, Targaryen history, the many gods in the series are what I am referring to.)  What helped make season 1 more cohesive was the fact that Ned Stark was the center of the storm, so to speak. He was the loveable patriarch of a noble family and most of the events derived from him -- Robert's offering him the position of Hand, which meant that his queen and Jaime were in Winterfell, etc. etc.  Ned's BEING THERE set off a bunch of chain reactions, and once he agreed to be Robert's Hand, all the plotting started.  The only characters who were not really surrounding Ned Stark in the plot were Viserys and Dany.  They were also separated geographically.  However, the writers did a good job of explaining why they were in exile and what they were trying to accomplish.Once Ned was executed, all hell broke loose, and I mean that in a couple of ways.  Firstly, people who hadn't read the books were shocked and pissed that the "main character" of the series had been killed.  Secondly, it accelerated the War of the 5 Kings. Thirdly, and most importantly, I observed a splintering effect of the storyline - now, instead of a plot that is very textured/includes subplots, but is basically still about Ned and his family (as well as Dany) it became a hundred different storylines.One thing that struck me forcefully was how much each episode of season 2 skips around.  In the first season, each episode seemed like it spent much more time on each character, and the cut from one scene to another was seamless and well-segued.  This season, it runs sort of like this: two minutes with Theon hunting the boys - cut - one minute with Bran/Rickon/Osha/Hodor going towards a village - cut - Dany trying to find her dragons for two minutes - cut - Sansa talking with the Hound for 1 minute - cut - Arya and Tywin Lannister talking for 3 minutes (incredibly uncharacteristically, btw -- he even smiles a couple of times) - cut - Sansa gets her period and talks with Cersei for two minutes - cut - Jaime maunders on with a character - Alton?? - who wasn't in the books for four minutes, strangles him and a Karstark son, escapes - cut - Tyrion and Cersei have a heart-to-heart even though Tyrion has already delivered the infamous line of "your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth"....um, what? - cut - etc. etc. etc.I didn't want to generalize before I had seen more than half of series 2, but this fragmented style of filming book 2 is disorienting and annoying.  I understand that this might seem natural because there are 5 kings in the land, so naturally everyone will be all over the place, but what happens when even more characters are added as the series progresses?  Will we only see half a minute of each character, unable to savor the longer interactions we enjoyed in season 1?  It appears that although the adaptation of the books to TV is well-intentioned, there might be an inevitable downward spiral of fragmentation because of the growing cast, the growing complexity of the plot, and the unnecessary scenes they add to the show. (Perfect example: why on earth did they steal Dany's dragons?  If they hadn't made that decision, there would have been extra time to use for longer scenes with the characters.)Aside from that, my opinion of episode 7 is much like it has been for all the other episodes thus far -- I am left dissatisfied (unfortunately).  The only high point for me was John & Ygritte's interactions.  I love the actress playing her - she's got her character spot-on and even though in the book I always HATED it when she said "you know nothing, Jon Snow", I thought the way she delivered that line was absolutely fantastic.  Grim, and not playful as I had always imagined.
827	redriver	2012-05-15	We always seem to focus on deviations from the books but there are other components which make this fantastic TV.
The striking thing for me is how it looks.I think the sets,the locations,the costumes,attention to detail,the lighting the cinematography are all really top class.I know HD television in itself improves the visual experience,but it looks to me the HBO are taking full advantage of the technology.
The acting,both individual and ensemble,has been top class.Stand outs for me have been Dinklage,Allen,Heady,Malahide,but I really can't find anyone to criticize.Coster-Waldau was outstanding in this episode,and the good news is we're going to see much more of him from now on.
I don't mind the plot deviations as long as they resolve themselves correctly,and time will tell on that score.Dany's changes look to be an improvement imo.
This is compelling,top class television.
					
					
							Edited by redriver, 15 May 2012 - 12:30 PM.
828	Ser Piggy Of The Baby Back Rib	2012-05-15	I found this episode to be the most difficult for me to watch.  I'm having a hard time separating the books from the show I'll admit.  I realize that some of it doesn't matter in the grand scheme of things but some of it just irks me.  The whole Jon storyline and the Quorin Halfhand angle in particular for this episode.  I was assuming that he's meet up with them and he'd have the talk about turning cloack to infiltrate.  The "Is  your sword sharp Jon Snow?" line was one of the things I was really looking forward to.  I'm hoping that the halfhand has also been caputured and in the next episode Jon has to kill him to convince them he's coming over.  If they make him out to be a turncloak in the show I will be very pissed.
The continuing Daenerys re-write is puzzling me more and more.  Killing the remainder of the 13 just seems like it's gratuitous.  It's like they hadn't filled the blood and gore quota for the episode or something.
Jaime's sudden vulnerable moment with his cousin was pointless to me.  I would have rather them spend that extra 4 minutes or so on his talk with Catelyn so we could get the backstory on how Brandon and Lord Rickard died and how he really became the Kingslayer and how the rebellion started.  Speaking to a lot of people who never read the books before watching, they all of a sudden get a better appreciation when I provide some of the backstory that is missing from the shows.  This is one of those moments I believe.
I have also stopped hoping that Meera and Jojen would appear at some point.  I'm guessing they will meet them on the road north during season 3.  They play such a major role in the Bran storyline that I don't see how they completely cut it out.
829	Gendry	2012-05-15	Wait...did you guys actually think Bran and Rickon were dead when you read the book? Personally I don't believe a character is dead unless I see it with my own eyes, and something definitely felt off about that Theon/Reek scene on the hunt.I actually did! Seemed a bit harsh but after Ned was executed it appeared as if the Stark family was cursed.
830	anaron	2012-05-15	Having seen 7 of 10 episodes I think I'm quite sure that I like the first season better, because it has a more coherent feel.
Don't get me wrong, the second season is once more a gem, but the segments are barely long enougth to get whats going on. I suspect people not having read the books really have to pay attention...
I actually like the changes, because they are very well set and make for surprises even if you've read the books.
Exchanging the Westerlings through some singular alluring exotic beauty was a clever move, because it keeps the character-zoo a bit smaller and still serves the plot point.
Putting Tywin into Harrenhal for an extended period also cuts back on nonessential characters and gives Tywin and Arya more screentime for character-development.
I really like the Tywin-Arya-scenes. Those two actors work so well together.
As for the Tywin feeding Arya scene. I don't think Tywin knows who "The Girl" really is, he for sure suspects that "The Girl" is more than she seems though. Feeding her was no act of mercy. He suspected the poison-dart was meant for him and when he offered Arya his meal, my first thought was he tests her, because he thinks someone very close to him might try to poison him. Having Arya eat his meal, checks if this meal might be poisened, and has "The Girl" think twice to either poison meals herself or accept a bribe to do so. If she has to "fear" having to eat the occasional meal herself, she might even look out for people tempering with "My Lords" food (That's how I think Tywin would think...). The highborn-question is him probing who this not so ordinary girl might really be. I'm looking forward to how far the writers will go with this twist. I suspect they will have Tywin find out Aryas real identity which will force her to flee from the castle in the way portrayed in the books. At that point this additional peace of knowledge for Tywin would have no serious repercussions for later events.
Jon/Ygritte works very well too. Ygritte was one of my favorites in the books and i really hated it when and how she died. I think the writers blew her part up at this point, because it was a given that she'll be a favorite and because in all the gloom going on, she's a bright spot that counterweigths all the seriousness a little. Also she transports a lot of exposition about wildling-background and motivation that is scattered over many pages in the books.
The Quarth-storyline is much more interesting than in the books. I really like what the've done there, though I'd not have had Dany go as "weak" as she does when "loosing" her dragons. The changed Quarth this leaves behind makes no differences as far as the books go so far.
					
					
							Edited by anaron, 15 May 2012 - 01:07 PM.
831	Dannyisnow	2012-05-15	I might of missed something here, but isn't Sansa supposed to of received the anonymous letter from ser Donto's/litlefinger by now ? 
My first post by the way.. Hi all ! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
832	A Clash of Crows	2012-05-15	Let us make this clear: The show is not the books, the books are the books. If you love the story in the books so much that watching a different story truly upsets you, then re-read the books. Think for a moment about how unreasonable it is to be mad when a different medium ends up being different.
Reasons why this was the best episode to date:
- Charles Dance (Tywin) is staring to prove that he is the most talented actor on the show. His scenes with Arya have been absolutely outstanding. The growing tension we viewers feel in those scenes around Arya's identity is incredible, and I'm really enjoying being tricked into liking Tywin. Also, the show has so few oppertunites to get the history of Westeros in unless the characters talk about it.
- The Jaime escape scene is a really nice nod to the style of the books, even if that scene doesn't actually take place. The characters in the books, especially the Lannisters, use their superior command of language and conversation to make their moves for the throne. The show has a difficult time doing that because of time (think about how abbreviated the conversation between Tyrion and Janos Slynt was when he got him to admit his betrayal of Ned Stark). They really let Jaime be Jamie in that scene to make his move the way book-Jamie would have.
- People have found the Ygritte/Jon scenes to be slow, but not only is she extremely funny, but their conversations are doing a nice job of getting the history in. That is perfectly set up for what Jon has to do next.
- As they said in the "Inside the Episode" piece, that scene between Tyrion and Cersei was incredible. She has nobody else to talk to but her brother, but she hates him. Her brother has a desire to comfort her but it feels awkward. The Lannisters have so much depth to them now instead of a black and white distinction of evil over good. One can ALMOST pity her in that moment.
- I actually thought the Qarth chapters in the book were pretty boring. I'm enjoying those scenes way more in the show.
The fact that one can easily guess that the burned bodies are not Bran and Rickon is a little disappointing, but the reveal is going to be so much quicker in this format than the books. There would only be what, two episodes where you thought they were dead? Still, this was a weak point in the show, especially since they were trying to make such an epic moment out of it and didn't quite get there.
					
					
							Edited by A Clash of Crows, 15 May 2012 - 01:53 PM.
833	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-15	Bonus points for Maester Luwin's epic 'Noooooo!' though /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> I nA©A©d to see a parody of that. 
Servant: "Maester Luwin, Ros has moved to King's Landing."
Luwin: "NOOOO!"
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 15 May 2012 - 02:06 PM.
834	Leuf	2012-05-15	I might of missed something here, but isn't Sansa supposed to of received the anonymous letter from ser Donto's/litlefinger by now ?It does happen fairly early in ACOK, but this subplot doesn't mature until well into book 3.  But people are going to completely forget about Dontos if he never appears on screen.  He was supposed to be there in the throne room scene where Sansa is beaten too.
835	Raksha the Demon	2012-05-15	I might of missed something here, but isn't Sansa supposed to of received the anonymous letter from ser Donto's/litlefinger by now ?My first post by the way.. Hi all ! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Welcome to the board!I don't have the book in front of me now; but I think Sansa should have definitely met Ser Dontos in the godswood by now, or at least had the letter.  By the time they get around to it in the show, viewers who haven't read the book will have forgotten who poor Dontos is.
836	redriver	2012-05-15	Jaime ,as he was being led away after being recaptured,to Cat "Why you've turned into a she-wolf in your old age.There's no more fish left in you".
ETA At least that's what I think I heard??
					
					
							Edited by redriver, 15 May 2012 - 02:36 PM.
837	It is known.	2012-05-15	Jaime ,as he was being led away after being recaptured,to Cat "Why you've turned into a she-wolf in your old age.There's no more fish left in you".ETA At least that's what I think I heard??Ah that makes sense, I couldn't catch the last part, I heard the she-wolf bit though /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
838	Dannyisnow	2012-05-15	It does happen fairly early in ACOK, but this subplot doesn't mature until well into book 3.  But people are going to completely forget about Dontos if he never appears on screen.  He was supposed to be there in the throne room scene where Sansa is beaten too.I thought as much, I think the actor that plays Dontos is great too. Maybe Sansa's story arc for this season will end with the secret note, but then that would kind of throw off Sansa's parts during the battle of BW, unless ive got my timeline a little muddled here, i'm sure Sansa takes advantage of the commotion to escape to the godswood where it is revealed Dontos wrote the note. Also the whole Hound and his birdsong scene. Welcome to the board!I don't have the book in front of me now; but I think Sansa should have definitely met Ser Dontos in the godswood by now, or at least had the letter.  By the time they get around to it in the show, viewers who haven't read the book will have forgotten who poor Dontos is.Thanks for the welcome /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
839	Lady Sansa Stark	2012-05-15	It does happen fairly early in ACOK, but this subplot doesn't mature until well into book 3.  But people are going to completely forget about Dontos if he never appears on screen.  He was supposed to be there in the throne room scene where Sansa is beaten too.He actually was in the throne room, but he didn't do anything and didn't put a.. watermelonthing (?) over her head. If you look closely, you will see him.
840	Leuf	2012-05-15	I thought as much, I think the actor that plays Dontos is great too. Maybe Sansa's story arc for this season will end with the secret note, but then that would kind of throw off Sansa's parts during the battle of BW, unless ive got my timeline a little muddled here, i'm sure Sansa takes advantage of the commotion to escape to the godswood where it is revealed Dontos wrote the note.This happens earlier, the night she gets the note.  There's indeed a commotion that Sansa take advantage of the first time, but I believe it was just a mob of angry people.  She then starts going to the godswood regularly.  I believe it's at the time of the Blackwater that Dontos gives her the hair net.
841	Onion Smuggler	2012-05-15	He actually was in the throne room, but he didn't do anything and didn't put a.. watermelonthing (?) over her head. If you look closely, you will see him.That's not exactly going to help non book readers is it. Anyone watching with a non reader who guessed the Bran Rickon ruse straight away?
842	legba11	2012-05-15	My two non-readers are both skeptical but nervous enough to be bugging me for information.
843	Lady Sansa Stark	2012-05-15	That's not exactly going to help non book readers is it.Anyone watching with a non reader who guessed the Bran Rickon ruse straight away?No, of course it's not really helping. But he was there, that's all.From what I hear; not many nonreaders guessed the Bran/Ricking ruse. GRRM killed Ned Stark, that was a HUGE surprise to every nonreaders so I guess they will think 'Okay, he has done it before, he's doing it again.' Especially because of Maester Luwin, that scene was beautifully done.
844	Raja	2012-05-15	Edit : My browser is strange
					
					
							Edited by Raja, 15 May 2012 - 04:52 PM.
845	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-15	It's a common way to mash up two words in fandoms.But to what purpose? Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s what I fail to understand. What special nuance is conveyed by using an old-school UUCP bang path over and above the sense conveyed by  using the hyphen, space, or possessive form  from  standard orthographic convention?  In other words, what does â<U+0080><U+009C>show!Aryaâ<U+0080><U+009D> buy you that â<U+0080><U+009C>show-Aryaâ<U+0080><U+009D> or â<U+0080><U+009C>show Aryaâ<U+0080><U+009D> or the â<U+0080><U+009C>showâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Aryaâ<U+0080><U+009D> fails to provide?  Sure, I suppose you can stack them just like any other bang path, having â<U+0080><U+009C>1st-season!show!Aryaâ<U+0080><U+009D> and such, but again this cries out for an explanation of what it buys you over using standard typography.Noun-noun compounds, whether hyphenated or not, have been around in English forever, although the unhyphenated version has admittedly increased in popularity over the last century or so. This innovation must be filling some gap that would not be filled by using standard orthography, or it wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t exist.  If not, it would be â<U+0080><U+0094> well, twee.  You know, precious.What extra semantic is carried by using old-school bang paths like this?   I feel like Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve been left out of the club.  Please explain your secret handshake! â¦<U+0085>;â<U+008D>}>â<U+008B>
846	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-15	Anyone watching with a non reader who guessed the Bran Rickon ruse straight away?Yes, but she is smarter than the average scullion.
847	Raja	2012-05-15	No, of course it's not really helping. But he was there, that's all.From what I hear; not many nonreaders guessed the Bran/Ricking ruse. GRRM killed Ned Stark, that was a HUGE surprise to every nonreaders so I guess they will think 'Okay, he has done it before, he's doing it again.' Especially because of Maester Luwin, that scene was beautifully done.Really? I  found that the bodies flung up were less than convincing. Perhaps having something more grotesque would have done the trick , maybe something more personal as well. Maybe something Bran or Rickon used to carry . Because to be frank if anyone has watched any other television show , any off screen death of major characters does not really prove to be true . Thought they could have done better with that scene in particular
848	J_Crews	2012-05-15	Actually there's no need for speculation because I just remembered that Sansa's age is given right in the first episode of the series. Cersei asks her how old she is and Sansa answers that she's 13. Which means that she is now 14 and that Arya was probably 11 but now 12.When does she say her age?  At the feast?  I had forgotten that somehow.  /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />Good catch.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 15 May 2012 - 04:56 PM.
849	Currawong	2012-05-15	Jaime's sudden vulnerable moment with his cousin was pointless to me.  I would have rather them spend that extra 4 minutes or so on his talk with Catelyn so we could get the backstory on how Brandon and Lord Rickard died and how he really became the Kingslayer and how the rebellion started. 1.  The TV audience doesn't need a double dose of how Brandon and Rickard died - Jaime has already told that tale to Ned in Season 1, so we do not need to waste any time on it in Season 2.  Especially if Jaime is also going to tell that story to Brienne in Season 3.  2.  The Jaime/ Alton conversation was very good, especially when you listen to what Jaime was saying about youthful dreams and ideals.  The dialogue was not just a set-up for the murder, but also a great insight into Jaime's own character and how the knight of his boyhood dreams has now become "Kingslayer". I know there are often complaints whenever an episode shows 'slow' scenes with just dialogue, but often the key action or character developent IS through dialogue scenes.  A TV show cannot rely on extensive exposition or POV memories as in GRRM's books, so that sometimes, lengthy sections of dialogue play a critical role.   You just have to pause, listen and hear what is being said!
850	J_Crews	2012-05-15	Robb was 14 in the first book and 15 when he became King in the North. The North must have different standards then, otherwise Robb would require a Regent to rule in his place until he turned 16.  Either way, my point was that they've aged he and Joffrey up in the show.  Richard Madden is 26 and looks it; calling him 18 is a real stretch -- calling him 15 is beyond any hope of suspending reality, imo.  Plus, they clearly say in Season 1 dialogue that Robert's Rebellion was 17 years ago, as opposed to 15 years ago in the book.  Joffrey is, likewise, played by a college-age actor and looks it.  I guess I can buy him as being about 14 to keep him of an age with Sansa, but it's a stretch.  He looks and acts 16-17.
851	Morrigan	2012-05-15	Really? I thought the little shit looked about 12. xD
852	J_Crews	2012-05-15	Joffrey is too old in the show for there to be a Regent over him.  They pretend that Cersei is the Regent, and also pretend that his word outranks hers.  That makes no sense whatsoever.I'm telling you, they've upped the age of majority from 16 to 18, like in the modern world, to appease TV viewers who would freak over kids going to war, etc..  It's the only way things make sense.
853	Arawni	2012-05-15	This is really nitpicky but one thing the books and show get wrong is the amount Sansa bleeds during her period.  The average amount of blood over the course of an entire period is 1/8 of a cup.  Do men seriously think we hemorrage once a month?  This was also an issue in Carrie.  Men should consult Judy Blume first when writing a puberty scene!Yeah, AVERAGE person, not every person. Some women bleed more than others. And first period might be differents from later ones. My first lasted for 7 days and I bled a lot more than ever after that. So no, show didn't get that wrong at all as well as it didn't get it wrong for Sansa getting her moonblood later than usual. Not only do some girls menstruate late naturally but there can be other reasons, too. For example severe stress, phycal or psychological, can alter woman's menstrual cycle and it's quite obvious that Sansa is very anxious and stressed in her situation.
854	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-15	That's not exactly going to help non book readers is it. Anyone watching with a non reader who guessed the Bran Rickon ruse straight away? Yep, my girlfriend immediately caught it. It was poorly executed, but I also think it's because of the medium. Whenever something happens offscreen, you know something's up. Plus the corpses looked superfake, like cheap strawmen I'd say
855	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-15	I'm telling you, they've upped the age of majority from 16 to 18, like in the modern world, to appease TV viewers who would freak over kids going to war, etc..  It's the only way things make sense.Then how can Joffreyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s word overrule his own regentâ<U+0080><U+0099>s?  It cannot. See the problem? Joffrey could not have Cersei executed for striking him.  It is  both her right and duty to do so: her right as his  regent, and her duty as his mother.  The Mad Kinglet has been paying too much attention to the â<U+0080><U+009C>where power residesâ<U+0080><U+009D> puzzle.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 15 May 2012 - 05:52 PM.
856	Warden of the North121	2012-05-15	I think Season 1 was a lot easier to adapt in comparison to Season 2 because most of the main characters were in King's landing except for Dany, Jon, and Bran. This made last season seem less choppy and easier to film. I kind of figured season 2 would suffer from this but I still think they've done really well. Excellent TV; certainly better than the crap they have on TV these days.
857	Knight of Ashes	2012-05-15	Never mind.
					
					
							Edited by Knight of Ashes, 15 May 2012 - 06:02 PM.
858	Lady of Long Lake	2012-05-15	Why are they making Cersei nicer? Once she gives people to Qyburn to experiment on, there's no loving her.They made her and Cat nicer last year too than they were in the books. This year they are making Jaime more evil and Dany more bratty.
859	bardgal	2012-05-15	I am utterly baffled by the suggestions that Tyrion's chain would be too expensive to do. This is a show that has very frequent shots of living, breathing dragons, city landscapes, 700ft walls.......this is A CHAIN. I can only hope that it's being kept secret (from viewers) so that it's emergence from the Blackwater is more of a surprise.A Clash Of Kings is Tyrion's finest hour for me, and an ongoing source of frustration that his efforts are completely unrecognised despite the fact that he was a brilliant Hand. As it stands, when anyone in the future says his tenure was poor, the audience don't really have any evidence that it wasn't. A shame.We've only seen A DRAGON twice this season in all of seven episodes, not counting the two-tails shot. I wouldn't call that frequent. We've seen CGI Dire Wolves more than we've seen CGI dragons who are even more expensive since they have to be designed out of thin air and have not even the slightest thing to "motion capture."Having said that, I hope we see something of the chain....
860	Warden of the North121	2012-05-15	Since I'm fairly new to the board could someone tell me the amount of posts it takes to increase the rank in our info box, I'm already tired of being a commoner lol.
861	Hoo	2012-05-15	They made her and Cat nicer last year too than they were in the books. This year they are making Jaime more evil and Dany more bratty.yup, this show is more and more like a daytime soap opera.
862	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-15	They made her and Cat nicer last year too than they were in the books. This year they are making Jaime more evil and Dany more bratty.Theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re making Dany more bratty in the show than she was in the book?  The show writers are good, I grant you, but theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re not that good. ; }
863	bardgal	2012-05-15	There was far too much blood on Sansa's bed. I do not think she would survive bleeding like that for a week. I wonder what the actresses themselves thought about it.It's a normal amount if you've been asleep for eight hours, and have normal to heavy periods. Actually there'd be a lot more if you have heavy periods.Apologies to the men - but life is a bloody business.
864	Warden of the North121	2012-05-15	I have a feeling they're jamming the Finale full with a lot of stuff just from looking at the episode summaries.It's looking like:House of the UndyingJon/Qhorin duelArya and Gendry (maybe Hot Pie too) escaping HarrenhalProbably a poignant scene with Jaime and Brienne (maybe the duel and Jaime losing his hand?)I'm feeling the first scene between Sansa and Dontos will be in there tooPossibly Theon being betrayed by Dagmer and/or Ramsay and Winterfell's demise.Perhaps they'll show Bran and co. emerge from the crypts too.They might keep Davo's fate up in the air.Lastly, the popular theory is that the season ends with the three horn blasts at the Fist.I guess they have to do it this way since Episode 9 is presumably devoted entirely to the Battle of Blackwater and King's Landing
865	David Selig	2012-05-15	The North must have different standards then, otherwise Robb would require a Regent to rule in his place until he turned 16. I don't think there are different standards in the North - Ned said when he was leaving for KL that Cat was to govern the North in his stead for a few years until Robb became of age, and when Cat and Robb met at Moat Cailin, she was the one who was legally in charge and Robb half expected her to order him to go back home. It's just that Robb was already leading the army, winning battles and only a few months shy of his 16th birthday and he had no older male relatives on the Stark side, so his bannermen decided to ignore the technicality and put him in charge as King in the North even if he still was theoretically not reached his majority.
866	Trebla	2012-05-15	Since I'm fairly new to the board could someone tell me the amount of posts it takes to increase the rank in our info box, I'm already tired of being a commoner lol.I believe it is 800 to reach "Council Member" and then you will be able to make a custom title. Don't worry, if you keep posting you'll be a freerider soon. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
867	Frumpus	2012-05-15	Then how can Joffreyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s word overrule his own regentâ<U+0080><U+0099>s?  It cannot. See the problem? Joffrey could not have Cersei executed for striking him.  It is  both her right and duty to do so: her right as his  regent, and her duty as his mother.  The Mad Kinglet has been paying too much attention to the â<U+0080><U+009C>where power residesâ<U+0080><U+009D> puzzle.Yeeeaah I'm pretty sure if Joffrey wanted his mother dead, he'd have his way easily. He may be a cruel twit but he's not about to go having his family executed even if they don't treat him with the utmost respect.
868	Warden of the North121	2012-05-15	I believe it is 800 to reach "Council Member" and then you will be able to make a custom title. Don't worry, if you keep posting you'll be a freerider soon. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Good to know /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  what are the different ranks before Council Member.
869	Lyana	2012-05-15	Well, it is safe to say that this episode was almost as great as the last one.
Let's start in order of appearance.
Theon made a good impression in this episode, but not as good as in the last one. Somehow this was supposed to be the shocking scene with "Bran's" and Rickon's" corpses, but it didn't have a big impact on me. Of course I've read the books and for some pages I actually thought the boys are really dead. So maybe I'm being a bit subjective on that one. Alfie is still doing a great job, but he was more impressive in the previous episode imo.
Here comes one of the highlights for me - the Jon/Ygritte-moments. Those two are my new favourite couple - they are just hilarious. I've read lots of posts how those scenes are too extended. I would have to disagree on this one. Not only the scenes are setting the Jon/Ygritte relationship, but they also show the huge differences between the wildlings and the NW. It makes the viewers also wonder - "Did Ygritte do all those sexual hints intentionally, or she was just trying to get Jon into her trap?". Plus we get some funny jokes abot Jon's blue balls. There must be something for the ladies too /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> I had some concerns about the Jon/Qhorin-interaction, but the more I read this thread, the sooner those worries got away. So I'm waiting for the important scene in ep.10 (according to the previews). I also hope they have some good excuse (besides budget) about the missing Ghost.
The Tywin/Arya interactions were another favourite moment (have always been since they started). I have to say this again - I'm not a Tywin-fan, but Charles Dance is really outstanding! Perhaps this whole dialog with Arya could be out-of-character for the book-Tywin, but it fits the TV show-character for the best. We get some background story abot Aegon and his sisters, an awesome wide-shot of Harrenhall and the wondering what does Tywin suspects of Arya - what more does one want?
I have to admit - not much into the whole San/San-story (I've just started to read The Feast), so can't really say much about that. Sansa's scenes are heartbreaking as always. Shae defending her was a bit odd and kind of a riddle to me - hopefully the show gets somewhere with that. Can't complain about the Cersei-Sansa scene though.
The scenes with Robb were ok. It was necessary to set up him leaving the camp in this episode. I expect to see more of him and his "mysterious" lady in the next episodes. I got goosebumps by the look Jane and Roose shared.
Not sure what to say about the whole Qarth-storyline. On one side is good to hear Daenerys finally talking with some common sence in her conversation with Jorah. Finally thinking and not just threatening to burn everything. She finally realizes that the people in Westeros are not just waiting for her with the red carpet. On the other side this distrust hints to turn into some dangerous paranoia. Perhaps the show is better with the changes they made to make Daenerys' storyarc somehow interesting, but will we get to the HoU any soon, please?!
Jaime Lannister was the nice surpise in this episode. I disagree that his scenes were out of character for all the reasons already mentioned in this thread. During his dialog with Cat I almost thought for a moment, that he will reveal the real reason why he killed Aerys. His honesty is overwhelming and liberating at the same time. He is an extremely interesting character in the books and I believe Nikolaj is going to carry out the complexity of his character during the next season too.
Sad that we saw too little of Tyrion, but really happy that we have a break from Littlefinger.
Can't wait for the next episode /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Edited: spelling
					
					
							Edited by Lyana, 15 May 2012 - 09:05 PM.
870	Raja	2012-05-15	" San - San "
Oh god , that's almost as strange as Sansa -Tyrion
871	DirePenguin	2012-05-15	What's Jorah's betrayal? By being a spy for Varys?
872	Ser Hippie	2012-05-15	Yes.
873	bardgal	2012-05-15	Shouldn't we be meeting Poderick soon?This happens earlier, the night she gets the note.  There's indeed a commotion that Sansa take advantage of the first time, but I believe it was just a mob of angry people.  She then starts going to the godswood regularly.  I believe it's at the time of the Blackwater that Dontos gives her the hair net.Don't forget who the hairnet really comes from, so that can't happen until Margery Tyrell is in King's Landing, and Gran has a reason...Anyone watching with a non reader who guessed the Bran Rickon ruse straight away?Yes. In fact, everyone I know who hasn't read the books, has called me in the last 48 hours, screaming WTF WITH THE KIDS?????? So relax. They're going to reinforce that in the next two episodes with raven scrolls to everyone who cares about their deaths. The season will end with the four of them coming out of the  Winterfell crypts and seeing a burning ruin. Followed by three short blasts at the Fist (or they might open with that next season, since they still need to find the cache of dragonglass.)My two non-readers are both skeptical but nervous enough to be bugging me for information.See? This. Same here.Then how can Joffreyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s word overrule his own regentâ<U+0080><U+0099>s?  It cannot. See the problem? Joffrey could not have Cersei executed for striking him.  It is  both her right and duty to do so: her right as his  regent, and her duty as his mother.  The Mad Kinglet has been paying too much attention to the â<U+0080><U+009C>where power residesâ<U+0080><U+009D> puzzle.You're forgetting the operative word in your post: MAD. Joffrey is batsh^ite crazy, it doesn't matter if he's underage. Cersei is also female, and females in Westeros do NOT assume power as a rule, so there is that too.Yeah, AVERAGE person, not every person. Some women bleed more than others. And first period might be differents from later ones. My first lasted for 7 days and I bled a lot more than ever after that. So no, show didn't get that wrong at all as well as it didn't get it wrong for Sansa getting her moonblood later than usual. Not only do some girls menstruate late naturally but there can be other reasons, too. For example severe stress, physical or psychological, can alter woman's menstrual cycle and it's quite obvious that Sansa is very anxious and stressed in her situation.ATTENTION MEN: INCOMING TMI. IF YOU GET QUEASY WITH "GIRLIE FUNCTIONS" PLEASE SKIP TO THE NEXT POST.My first time lasted two weeks, looked like Sansa's bed within an hour, and was full of clots. The pill eventually fixed that, thankfully.
					
					
							Edited by bardgal, 15 May 2012 - 10:16 PM.
874	Dio Forel	2012-05-15	Sorry man, this episode was so painful I have kind of lost hope for the rest of the series. And as a preempt, I am not a book "purist", but I do love the story and character dynamics, and to be honest, the HBO series has kind of wrecked a lot of the dynamic that was dear to me, and can only be something vaguely similar in plot to ASoIaF for me at this point, and I thought season 1 was great. What is great about the book series is after all the characters and their dynamics, without this, the series is just any other fantasy plot (and GRRM himself acknowledges this). Let's go over what was so wrong with episode 7:1) Jaimeanderthal - His murder was extremely out of character for him. Some of you have been like "ZOMGZ BUT HE KICKED A BABBY OUT OF A TOWER THATS WORSE CUZ BABBYS R CUTE". Please, killing bran was an inescapable necessity for preserving his love life and the kingslayer part -- need we mention Aerys was a MAD KING who burned people alive in his throne room, and was highly unfit to rule? What Jaime would do for love... well, I can tell you killing his cousin was not (nor was it portrayed as such) killing "for love", it was killing because he was greedy (or "evil") -- and that is completely out of character for him. Jaime is awesome, and a great character has now been ruined.2) Tywin-or-you-die-or-you-give-Arya-your-dinner - A man who would have a full barracks of women rape a woman of lower class to prove to his son that all women of lower class are whores in that they want a lord for their money -- this type of man would not give a serving girl his meal. He would certainly not COMPARE his daughter to a serving wench.3) Cersei-iously? What happened to the self-entitled spoiled princess in her? What happened to the one who in the future does very mean things to her brother she seemingly bonds with (or is willing to cry in front of.....) There is a reason why Cersei actually crying for the first time in the series feel cathartic -- and that's because she would never boohoo like she did in episode 7.4) Ygritte-my-teeth-in-exasperation: Well, let's let it slide that the actual development of the love story is butchered. "You know nothing Jon Snow" was for me a metaphor for the clash of civilizations their impossible love tryst is, not a metaphor for "You aint never felt me warm wet soft innards ye crow". To be quite blunt, she came off more like a whore from in Kings Landing than an strong experienced battle-worn independent wildling.5) Don't-Shae-Nuthin-To-Nobody-Or-I'll-use-this-butterknife-to-make-you-toast: For those of you who recall Shae's later actions, you know this  was not only stupid of her but also out of character for her to try to "save" Sansa (How wrong is it to think of the Unreal style announcement "First Blood!" during the Sansa scene?). Not to mention she really doesn't have any incentive to -- she's a whore/servant, since when did she have loyalty? And fine, fine fine! She is a loyal whoreservant. Then PLEASE explain to me where this loyalty of hers goes in aDoD? She is more loyal to a random princess she serves than a lord who has given her all of what she has, and is even loyal to her? Or are they going to ruin that love story as well!?So, yeah. As another preempt to the insecure Anti Criticism League, I DO like what the series overall did with Greyjoy, Arya, Sansa, Brienne, C aetlyn. So please don't try to pull that "This guy is just in a sour blue balls mood and is taking it out on the internet, haterz gonna hate" lines to dismiss any valid articulate criticisms of the HBO series, PARTICULARLY this season. It's dropped it's standards pretty low. Not many quotes have me laughing before I reply in rebuttal but this one definitely did it..1) The Jaime aspect... Just lol, are you out of your mind?  Some little kid,  A HELPLESS LITTLE KID, sees me kissin my sister.. damn I gotta preserve my love so I gotta brutally murder him so he doesnt tattle on me.... Dear god lol.  I am so glad I dont know you where you consider the attempted murder of the equivelant of an elementary school kid a justifiable casualty to avoid people knowing he is hitting it with his sister.  It is just as selfish (not greedy because how the hell is there greed involved in escaping prison) to kill your cousin to escape as it is to murder a kid so your acts of indiscretion go unnoticed.  Ummmmmm be a man, if you are man enough to get with your married twin sister you can be a man and suck it up when a kid catches you in the act.  Something tells me that if I was cheating on my girlfriend and some little kid sees me and I push him into oncoming traffic, a jury wont be like but wait... he was acting to preserve his love.  Um no it was being SELFISH (you know... the word to describe killing Alton that you feel is so uncharacteristic) saying hey I dont wanna be caught I wanna end some little kids potential to have his own life to SAVE MINE AND MY SISTERS ASSES (again selfish btw).  2) Damn it with the Tywin character assessments.  He isnt letting the girl run around free in the forests living in the lap of luxury.  He is clearly aware she is an upper class northerner lying about her identity (he has alluded to knowing she is lying several times).  She is more valuable alive than dead and it would come in handy to have her in a more confused and vulnerable position strategically.  And again,  he is having random conversation with the girl offering her food,  not taking her on a vacation showering her with gold and gifts.  He is ruthless to those that are of no value to him strategically or in any possible way.  This cupbearer (yeah being his slave is some special honor that defies his character) has potential value and it would be very UN-Tywin like to pass up the opportunity to keep your enemies closer than your friends.3) Is it really that big of a stretch Cersei losing it like this?  She has clearly in the books been shown to be at odds with Joffreys decisions.  She went insane eventually and her being tormented inside with what her son has become would be a logical precursor to her ranting and insanity to come... And how do you know she wouldnt cry?  Logic dictates that a person who acts as she does very often is running from things she is battling inside.. You dont know her... none of us do shes a character out of a book.4) She definitely acts like a strong independent wildling... She shows no fear or discretion in anything she says, basically mocking her captor.  She speaks not like a whore.. but like a wildling.  Shes crazy and in a lot of ways an outlaw.  She was mocking the guy.  I wont lie I havent really been a fan of this aspect of the show but I understand that a lot of it is for the TV crowd and entertainment value vs being loyal to the book storyline.  I dont love it but I understand it.5) Ummm what does it do as far as Shaes future role in the books?  It further shows that there is the book series and the TV series and both have different arcs and demographics to please.  It is being a purist to expect every single character to be the same as in the book.  This is an adaptation.  We cant complain about some changes that dont make sense because they are using the books as a foundation with some aspects nothing more.In conclusion,  please do not say this is hate against critique or any negative feedback.  I think negative feedback is just as important as positive feedback.  But lets be honest this wasnt logical or articulate.  This is another example of trying to seem like people welcome change then just go insane when its a change you didnt envision.  GRRM approved all of the happenings in the show why cant we just accept that this show is NOT the books?  I didnt go crazy loving this episode but I promise you there were no bomb threats made anywhere on account of my frustration that the episode deviated from the books.
875	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2012-05-15	The show lost me the moment they tried to make THE WHORE relevant....and I mean Shae. 
I'm cool with Ros. I'm hope she and Theon get together in the books but whatevs.
Back to The Imp's Whore....I'm so disgusted and just thrown off by what HBO is doing with Shae. Shes nothing more than a minor character and yet the show keeps insisting on pushing her face on my screen and making it seem like she's gonna play some crucial role.
Uhhhh NO we all know what Shae will do in the end and what happens to her as a result.  Shes just a whore. Whores should be silent and out of the way unless called up to perform.
This show had some great 1 on 1 moments....its just so sad that ALL of them made no fucking sense in terms of the characters and the emotions they displayed as well as their actions.
Save for Sansa and the Queen I would have given the episode a 1.
876	wolverine	2012-05-15	Wait...did you guys actually think Bran and Rickon were dead when you read the book? Personally I don't believe a character is dead unless I see it with my own eyes, and something definitely felt off about that Theon/Reek scene on the hunt.Totally agree.  They came back the right size but basically unidentifiable.  Why would Theon make them unidentifiable if he wanted to be able to prove he captured them?Oh yea, because he didn't actually capture them he just found a couple other right-sized boys whom he could maim until no one could identify them and he could claim he found and killed Bran and Rickon.ETA:  Also, as the Maester says, the boys are worth a hell of a lot more to Theon alive than dead.  Why would he kill his only valuable hostages?  They pissed him off?  He's not that stupid.
					
					
							Edited by wolverine, 15 May 2012 - 11:17 PM.
877	Evamitchelle	2012-05-15	snipAt this point you've created this giant straw-man argument around the idea that I find D&D evil misogynists who spend their time plotting the best way to demean all women, all the time. I don't know what D&D were thinking when they changed Cat's narrative, but I remember at least one preview for season 2 where they said that the women of the series are the strong ones. Most likely they believe it too. Well, I don't really give a shit what their intentions were. Intent doesn't matter, only the end result does. Despite what you think, I don't believe I can see inside the writers' minds. Even if I could, it wouldn't change my opinion, because I'm basing my argument on the final product and not the original concept. They could have started with the best intentions in the world, or the worst, the result would be the same, and I'd still find their portrayal problematic for a number of reasons. In the same way I don't really care what your opinion on Cat is either, though for what it's worth I did think you liked the character. But that's besides the point. Despite what you've said I'm still getting the idea that you find a lot of Book Cat's actions pretty stupid, since you've been repeating several times per post how she's so much smarter in the show (not mentioning Theon is smarter than doing so, not harping Robb about Jeyne is smarter than saying something, releasing Jaime out of immediate necessity is smarter than choosing to do so on her own etc.). So basically, you find a woman to be smarter when she shuts up rather than when she speaks up. That's sexism with a velvet glove right there (see how I'm not attacking you ?). â<U+0080><U+009C>That makes her appear much smarter than when she stays of her own will and then fucks up.â<U+0080><U+009D> When you say that she fucks up, it seems a pretty clear indication to me that you thought she acted stupidly. As for the scene with Karstark, no she never had a confrontation with Karstark with weapons drawn, but she had an earlier scene much like it, except better, that was not included in the show. When Renly is slain by the shadow, a couple of guards and knights of the Rainbow Guard pour inside the tent, and while Brienne is busy fighting 2 or 3 men at once Catelyn literally puts herself between her and Ser Robar Royce, catches his by the arm before he can draw his sword and not only does she convince him not to attack Brienne, she even manages to have him fight the other guards outside. Then she saves the unarmoured Brienne from the steel-clad Ser Emmon Cuy by hitting him on the head with an iron brazier. And unlike what's in the show, she did it while alone in the middle of an enemy camp and not surrounded by her husband and son's men, i.e. in much greater personal danger. So excuse me if for not finding it spectacular when they deign to include toned down versions of her canon â<U+0080><U+009C>badassâ<U+0080><U+009D> scenes every once in a while. It's not making the female characters more sympathetic that I find problematic, it's the elements they've chosen to alter in the story lines that make it so. As I've already shown, pretty much every reason people have for hating Cat has been altered : she's not as mean to Jon, she's not as opinionated as in the books, she wants to go to Winterfell to be with Bran and Rickon, she doesn't betray Robb etc. All of that basically boils down to : she should be a better mother, i.e. not being as abrasive towards her teenage â<U+0080><U+009C>step-sonâ<U+0080><U+009D>, not choosing to stay away from her youngest children, complying to her eldest son's wishes. The changes they've made in Cersei's character also revolve around the idea of motherhood and family. Making her more sympathetic involves the following : she had unrequited feelings for her husband until a year into their marriage, she never aborted a baby but instead had a miscarriage/stillbirth, she never orders the murder of her husband's bastards etc. So apparently D&D think the viewers would have more sympathy for a woman whose feelings for her husband are not reciprocated rather than for a woman forced into marrying a man she hates. Or that a woman who willingly performs an abortion on an unwanted (forced) pregnancy isn't worthy of sympathy. On the whole I find Cat and Cersei to be the two characters they have tried to make the most sympathetic, and it just so happens that these two occupy the Mother role in the story, albeit on different sides. With Shae they seem to be going with the â<U+0080><U+009C>whore with a heart of goldâ<U+0080><U+009D> archetype, and Margaery's portrayal is not really relevant because there is nothing to really compare her to in the books, given how little she's present in Clash. But the whole â<U+0080><U+009C>sympathyâ<U+0080><U+009D> thing isn't my primary gripe with Cat's portrayal. She should be the agent of her own story, the one calling the shots on her own life. Instead she submits to her teenage son's will (yes, Richard Madden is 25-ish and looks it, but Robb's still supposed to only be 18). In the books, it is her choice to stay at her son's side rather than go home to Winterfell, and to make that possible she orders Rodrik to go back in her place to act as castellan and military advisor. Catelyn doesn't want to go pay homage to Renly, but still does it of her own volition because Robb offers sending the Greatjon as an envoy instead. Hell, during their first reunion Robb asks her if she's going to send him back to Winterfell like the boy he is. But in the show he is ordering her around from the start, preventing her from going where she wants, sending Rodrik to Winterfell in her place and making her ride to the Stormlands the next day. Nothing is her choice any more, she's become the sidekick to Robb's story when it should be the reverse. You think that Robb ordering her to stay is good because it shows that he values her advice, while in my opinion it's bad because it strips her of her agency and makes her the passenger of her own life. I just find it infinitely more interesting to read about a woman who makes her own decisions, even if those decisions aren't necessarily the right ones, than about a woman who does well in everything because she is constantly told to do by the men in her life. Book Cat is the former, Show Cat is the latter. In short, I think D&D have simply missed the point of the character and her role in the story. Change in itself doesn't bother me as long as the thematic of a character's arc is kept mostly intact. In my opinion that's what they did with Catelyn. To give an example with another character, I find it as bad as if they'd taken out the entire identity-crisis theme out of Theon's narrative and only played the â<U+0080><U+009C>what a backstabbing douchebagâ<U+0080><U+009D> angle (to be clear : I don't think they did that, they've done a perfect job with Theon so far IMO). And finally, reverse sexism. Lol. Yeah, good luck with that argument.
878	Currawong	2012-05-15	The show lost me the moment they tried to make THE WHORE relevant....and I mean Shae....(snip)This show had some great 1 on 1 moments....its just so sad that ALL of them made no fucking sense in terms of the characters and the emotions they displayed as well as their actions.Save for Sansa and the Queen I would have given the episode a 1.You surely can't have watched Episode 7.  Did you actually listen to the dialogue, and given more than 5 seconds thought to what you learnt about the various characters?  Seems not.  I suspect that the reason they are making Shae more of a character on the TV show is so that her eventual betrayal of Tyrion will have more of an impact.  Don't forget that Sansa eventually marries Tyrion, and having Shae as both her handmaid and Tryion's special whore (remember he brought her to KL against Tywin's orders), will mean that viewers understand just why Tyrion feels so betrayed to find her in his father's bed, and why he kills her in a rage.	Remember that a lot of what we see of Shae in the books is just Tyrion POV thoughts, as well as just brief glimpses of her.  GRRM provides a great deal of information via POV internalisation and exposition in the books, but this does not translate easily to the screen, hence we need additional scenes, or some characters need to be given slightly greater prominence.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 15 May 2012 - 11:31 PM.
879	wolverine	2012-05-15	I hated Catelyn in the book and though she was a selfish idiot.  In the show I think she comes off as way more intelligent and capable.  But whatever.
With the killing of most of the 13 in Qarth it makes me wonder if they are going to try and speed up Dany's storyline.  Why else would they need Xaro to have more power than he does in the books?  Maybe they are just doing it for fun but it makes me wonder about their plans for the future. IMO there are certainly other threads that could be streamlined from the books, particularly from AFFC.
880	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2012-05-16	You surely can't have watched Episode 7.  Did you actually listen to the dialogue, and given more than 5 seconds thought to what you learnt about the various characters?  Seems not.  I suspect that the reason they are making Shae more of a character on the TV show is so that her eventual betrayal of Tyrion will have more of an impact.  Don't forget that Sansa eventually marries Tyrion, and having Shae as both her handmaid and Tryion's special whore (remember he brought her to KL against Tywin's orders), will mean that viewers understand just why Tyrion feels so betrayed to find her in his father's bed, and why he kills her in a rage.	Remember that a lot of what we see of Shae in the books is just Tyrion POV thoughts, as well as just brief glimpses of her.  GRRM provides a great deal of information via POV internalisation and exposition in the books, but this does not translate easily to the screen, hence we need additional scenes, or some characters need to be given slightly greater prominence.Actually I DID watch the show and listen to the dialogue. I'm not impressed. Her scenes did nothing for me and have done nothing all season long except reinforce how stupid the character is.
881	CrownedStag	2012-05-16	I have mixed feelings about this episode. I was really looking forward to seeing Riverrun this season seeing as that's where Jaime was set free from. But it seems like the show is taking a different angle on this development. I really haven't liked the whole Robb and first aid girl dynamic, it's just not doing it for me and betrays the shock of the Westerling marriage. Jon has been wasted the last couple of episodes, not sure how they're going to explain the turncloak assignment. The Arya/Tywin dynamic works for me though.
882	bardgal	2012-05-16	Shouldn't we be meeting Podrick and Edmure soon?
883	Arawni	2012-05-16	For me, I just have to try suspend my cultural bias in order to enjoy it and not get creeped-out.  Like you said, the way we think of age-appropriateness now is wholly a product of the last century.  My great-grandmother was married to my great-grandfather when she was 12; family lore talks of her waiting for him to go to work to sneak and play with her dolls, which is sad by today's standards, but marrying young like that was perfectly normal back then.  You gave daughters to men who could provide for a family, not boys. Actually it wasn't that normal to be married off at 12 during middle ages. Well, it did vary, "middle ages" does cover time period for hundreds of years and average marriage age did not stay the same all the time. However, there were times when average marriage age was well over 20 years even for women. There were many reasons for this; for instance at some point church took over marriage deciding it was one of the sacraments and so blessing of a priest was required for a couple to be legally wed. This was not free and many poorer people needed years to collect suitable amount of money which meant that they were forced to delay their marriage.For nobles and roayl persons things were of course different. They were sometimes married off very young so in that sense GRRM is quite correct in his books even though it does creep me out (and is one the reasons I don't want to read the books, sorry).
884	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-16	At this point you've created this giant straw-man argument around the idea that I find D&D evil misogynists who spend their time plotting the best way to demean all women, all the time.That's basically what saying Cat is 'just a reminder woman should stay at home' and questioning their intentions comes down to.Most likely they believe it too. Well, I don't really give a shit what their intentions were. Intent doesn't matter, only the end result does.Then why complain about how you're worried about their intentions a bit earlier? You haven't managed to answer the other inconsistency I addressed in my previous post either.In the same way I don't really care what your opinion on Cat is eitherFollowed by an entire paragraph of text... lol. Bringing what I said about Cat acting smarter on the show to that horrible line that implies I think she should shut up (while I was focusing on things she did say) is biased as hell and I'm just going to let you go back to reread those parts. This is the second time I literally have to say I don't think she's dumb (which doesn't mean she's perfect or flawless), I hope it'll be enough.Again you keep whining about badass stuff that hasn't been included most likely to shorten the scene.Your opinions on the adaption are your own, bringing it all down to sexism as you were doing at the start of your argument, at least, is not. Your continued repetitions of your gripes with the adaption are not helping to make clear you understand I don't mind what you think of it either, I just felt your comment was very biased in your perception and towards the screenwriters intentions. And finally, reverse sexism. Lol. Yeah, good luck with that argument.I literally said I'm not making that point because it would be nonsensical, it was a hypothetic example to illustrate how it didn't make sense for you to say Cat was a sexist stereotype in the show either. Simply finding her less interesting is a whole different thing. Please learn how to read comprehensively.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 16 May 2012 - 02:04 AM.
885	Morrigan	2012-05-16	Good job, you've addressed... exactly zero of her points.
Pearsl before swine, Eva. I'm afraid you're wasting your breath.
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 16 May 2012 - 02:36 AM.
886	Evamitchelle	2012-05-16	That's basically what saying Cat is 'just a reminder woman should stay at home' and questioning their intentions comes down to.Then why complain about how you're worried about their intentions a bit earlier? You haven't managed to answer the other inconsistency I addressed in my previous post either.Followed by an entire paragraph of text... lol. Bringing what I said about Cat acting smarter on the show to that horrible line that implies I think she should shut up (while I was focusing on things she did say) is biased as hell and I'm just going to let you go back to reread those parts. This is the second time I literally have to say I don't think she's dumb (which doesn't mean she's perfect or flawless), I hope it'll be enough.Again you keep whining about badass stuff that hasn't been included most likely to shorten the scene.Your opinions on the adaption are your own, bringing it all down to sexism as you were doing at the start of your argument, at least, is not. Your continued repetitions of your gripes with the adaption are not helping to make clear you understand I don't mind what you think of it either, I just felt your comment was very biased in your perception and towards the screenwriters intentions. I literally said I'm not making that point because it would be nonsensical, it was a hypothetic example to illustrate how it didn't make sense for you to say Cat was a sexist stereotype in the show either. Simply finding her less interesting is a whole different thing. Please learn how to read comprehensively.This conversation is going nowhere. Apparently you still think finding fault with the way they've chosen to adapt Catelyn's story = thinking D&D are consciously changing things around because they hate all women. Maybe you've missed the parts where I said I found them to be doing a good job with Brienne, Arya and Melisandre, to name a few ? And so far you've established that I'm insulting towards Michelle Fairley, insulting towards the screenwriters, that I lack reading comprehension, that I'm ignoring half your points (I'm pretty sure I've managed to touch them all in my 1,500 word wall-text up there, except maybe the one where you said that having Jaime kill the young cousin who idolized him is supposed to make him sympathetic), that I whine a lot about missing badass scenes (there needs to be a counterpoint to your constant "she stood up to Karstark" spiel) and that I'm generally too biased to make any sense.But I think my favourite part is when you accused me of sexism in the very first line of your very first post against me, and somehow manage to get offended on the screenwriters' behalf when I have the gall to find their adaptation of a fictional female character problematic. And I'm understanding less and less what your reverse sexism argument is all about. Basically you're saying that it's nonsensical to find a female character's portrayal sexist because a male character's portrayal is obviously not ? I think I'm missing something here. But interesting choice of words in that hypothetical example of yours by the way : Jon has been hypothetically discriminated against because his adaptation has turned him into a "pussy", which is a word with overwhelming female connotations. So sexism against men = making them more woman-like. Okay then.
887	J_Crews	2012-05-16	For nobles and roayl persons things were of course different. They were sometimes married off very young so in that sense GRRM is quite correct in his books even though it does creep me out (and is one the reasons I don't want to read the books, sorry).You're doing yourself a terrible disservice.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 16 May 2012 - 04:24 AM.
888	dark  sister	2012-05-16	Yup, I am a girl, and still think there was too much blood for her first time, I have always heard girls saying that the first time, there was almost nothing. You say, she might have been bleeding for an hour, but they show that much blood that she could have been bleeding the whole week. At least in my experience.I think the blood on her legs and some smaller stains on her gown and sheets would have told it quite sufficietly and much more realistic.Every girl's first period is different.  Some first "flowerings" are extremely heavy, and some aren't.  It's as simple as that /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
889	Ghost714	2012-05-16	You're doing yourself a terrible disservice.I agree. Not reading the books for a reason like that is ridiculous. Do they also refuse to read history, because people getting married and having sex so young is just so creepy? Even if you do find it creepy, it's still a horrible reason to not read the books. I love that GRRM did that with the ages, that's part of the reason for why the story is so real, gritty, and awesome(as weird as that might sound).
890	Arawni	2012-05-16	I said it was ONE of the reasons and  in fact not nearly my biggest issue with reading these books. Main reason is that I simply have no strong interest in them. I like the series a lot but feel no need or urge to read ASOIAF as a book version. There are some reasons that make me feel even less enthusiastic and age thing is one of them though there are other WAY bigger ones, but as said, most importantly I just don't feel like it. There are thousands of good books in the world so I don't really see why not reading THESE books would make my life worse than not reading some other novels.
891	J_Crews	2012-05-16	I said it was ONE of the reasons and  in fact not nearly my biggest issue with reading these books. Main reason is that I simply have no strong interest in them. I like the series a lot but feel no need or urge to read ASOIAF as a book version. There are some reasons that make me feel even less enthusiastic and age thing is one of them though there are other WAY bigger ones, but as said, most importantly I just don't feel like it. There are thousands of good books in the world so I don't really see why not reading THESE books would make my life worse than not reading some other novels.Again, the disservice is to yourself, so to each his own.  My point was that, as someone who enjoys the TV series, you're missing out by not reading the books... quite simply, because they're better, and, if you like one, you'll love the other.
892	Fred Stark	2012-05-16	I might of missed something here, but isn't Sansa supposed to of received the anonymous letter from ser Donto's/litlefinger by now ?My first post by the way.. Hi all ! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Welcome to the Forum !!As for your question,I reckon that storyline will be moved to season 3...the sad thing is ,if true we will not see the Hound flirting miserably with Sansa when he finds her coming from the godswood as the Hound will be away from KL by the tenth episode of season 2
					
					
							Edited by Fred Stark, 16 May 2012 - 05:37 AM.
893	Arawni	2012-05-16	Again, the disservice is to yourself, so to each his own.  My point was that, as someone who enjoys the TV series, you're missing out by not reading the books... quite simply, because they're better, and, if you like one, you'll love the other.Well, actually one of the reasons for my reluctanse to read these books IS the fact that I enjoy the series so much. Firstly, I tend to prefer tv-productions to books. It has happened with Jane Eyre, Pride & Prejudice, Lord of The Rings and with many other "books turned to tv-series/movies" which is why I really doubt that I would think ASOIAF is better than GoT. And actually stuff that I've read here on this forum has only made me more convinced of this. Take this Catelyn's decision to free Jaime. Sure, I haven't read books but from the debate here I got pretty goot idea about her motivations to do so in book universe. However, I really prefer her motivations in the show. Freeing Jaime based on a emotional decision while you have NO guarantee that Lannisters free her children is stupid. And what's even more stupid is that she doesn't even have any way to make sure that Jaime actually gets to King's Landing without being killed on the way which would then result to her daughters death.I much prefer show Catelyn, at least based on the information here and on other sites I've looked for info about ASOIAF. And this brings me to my second point: I like show characters so much that I don't want to "spoil" my mental image of them reading the books and being influenced by the same characters there. I understand that this might sounds horrendous to people who love these books but that's the way it is. This is something people rarely understand in my way and need to consume fiction so I won't dwell on it deeper. This is a discussion about the episode 7, after all, and not my relationship with the series or books.I haven't really taken part to discussion here because I'm pretty conscious about my English but I do read this forum a lot end enjoy discussions and debates here.
894	boojam	2012-05-16	ATTENTION MEN: INCOMING TMI. IF YOU GET QUEASY WITH "GIRLIE FUNCTIONS" PLEASE SKIP TO THE NEXT POST.It's always amazing to see a statement like that, Americans, in particular, tho not exclusively, have the strangest un-enlightenment about things so common to the natural world, like human biology.
895	Greywolf2375	2012-05-16	Shouldn't we be meeting Poderick soon?Shouldn't we be meeting Podrick and Edmure soon?We have met Pod - he was (briefly) in the scene with Tyrion & Janos Slynt.  He poured some wine and exited stage left before Tyrion started in on Janos.
896	Lady Sansa Stark	2012-05-16	Every girl's first period is different.  Some first "flowerings" are extremely heavy, and some aren't.  It's as simple as that /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Indeed. Actually, it was kind of realistic to me. If I bleed for an hour, it surely looks like that. A whole week, I can't even imagine.
897	rmholt	2012-05-16	This is really nitpicky but one thing the books and show get wrong is the amount Sansa bleeds during her period.  The average amount of blood over the course of an entire period is 1/8 of a cup.  Do men seriously think we hemorrage once a month?  This was also an issue in Carrie.  Men should consult Judy Blume first when writing a puberty scene!A first period is anything from a stain to a full on thing.Also in the book she wasnt done bleeding when she woke up.It doesnt take much blood to look like a lot.The reason it HAD to be shown was because this was something she really dreaded - it was the beginning of a horror greater than the one she was already in 
	Spoiler  if Joff had lived
898	rmholt	2012-05-16	ETA:  Also, as the Maester says, the boys are worth a hell of a lot more to Theon alive than dead.  Why would he kill his only valuable hostages?  They pissed him off?  He's not that stupid.Yes, when it comes to "proving" himself he is impatient and a total idiot.
	Spoiler  When he couldnt find B and R 
 he had to do something and there was Dr Evil with the solution.  Dagmer is leading him around by the nose, not giving him wise counsel but he doesnt know any better having been away and trying to shed all "Soft green"-ness.
899	Ghost714	2012-05-16	Well, actually one of the reasons for my reluctanse to read these books IS the fact that I enjoy the series so much. Firstly, I tend to prefer tv-productions to books. It has happened with Jane Eyre, Pride & Prejudice, Lord of The Rings and with many other "books turned to tv-series/movies" which is why I really doubt that I would think ASOIAF is better than GoT. And actually stuff that I've read here on this forum has only made me more convinced of this. Take this Catelyn's decision to free Jaime. Sure, I haven't read books but from the debate here I got pretty goot idea about her motivations to do so in book universe. However, I really prefer her motivations in the show. Freeing Jaime based on a emotional decision while you have NO guarantee that Lannisters free her children is stupid. And what's even more stupid is that she doesn't even have any way to make sure that Jaime actually gets to King's Landing without being killed on the way which would then result to her daughters death.I much prefer show Catelyn, at least based on the information here and on other sites I've looked for info about ASOIAF. And this brings me to my second point: I like show characters so much that I don't want to "spoil" my mental image of them reading the books and being influenced by the same characters there. I understand that this might sounds horrendous to people who love these books but that's the way it is. This is something people rarely understand in my way and need to consume fiction so I won't dwell on it deeper. This is a discussion about the episode 7, after all, and not my relationship with the series or books.I haven't really taken part to discussion here because I'm pretty conscious about my English but I do read this forum a lot end enjoy discussions and debates here.You lost me with " I tend to prefer tv-productions to books"...But what the hell, I will bite anyway.I either literally can't fathom what your saying, or I am calling bs. If you actually read the books of aSoIaF, there is absolutely no way you would  say that you like the tv show better.Catelyn's character is way better and more competent in the books. In the show, they took away everything from Catelyn's character that makes some people love her, and others hate her. In the books, Catelyn's character is controversial, each individual makes their own opinion of her. With the show, they pretty much tell you how to view Catelyn, by taking away everything that makes you love her, or love to hate her. In fact, so many characters are like that in the show. They have completely changed everything about Cersei to make her more sympathetic, when in the books most people love to hate her character for what she is. Jon Snow's character is way better in book 2, than he is in season two, the show has found a way to make him look incompetent in every episode, when that was not the case in the A Clash of Kings(book two). The show actually left out one of the things that made Jon Snow's story so good in book two( I am talking about the real reason for why he went Ranging with Qhorin Halfhand). In a video with D.B. Weiss, he is talking about the characters, and he says that Stannis would make a horrible King. In the books that is definitely a debatable subject, in fact, many readers think Stannis would be a great King. The show has changed Stannis's character into something way more unlikeable, instead of leaving his character the way he is in the books, and instead of allowing people to make up their own minds about the him, the show pretty much tells you how to think, and how to feel about him. So I guess if your someone who likes being told what to do, instead of making your own choices, then yes the show is definitely for you, if you can't make your own personal assessment about something or someone. There are a few examples in the show, to wear the show version is better, I am not saying the show can't be better at times. Even GRRM has said a few times, "why didn't I think of doing that". However, it's much easier to improve on something somebody else has made, in comparison to having to create something yourself. So just because a few of the scenes in the show have been better, that does not mean the show is better, by any means. Most of the time, the books are way better, than the shows changed version.Another reason for why the books are better, is because the show can't afford to have all the characters in the books. There are so many great characters that won't be able to be in the show, strictly because of time and reasons of the budget. So by not reading the books, you are literally getting the cliff notes of the real story, because that's all the time the show has, and you are missing out on so many great smaller characters that you will never know. If the show cuts a character, that does not mean that the character is not needed, it just means they do not have the time and money to add them in the show.For the record, I did not list all of the characters that the show has screwed up from the books, I just named a few examples(Jon Snow, Stannis, Catelyn). I don't know if you just don't like to read or what, but that's what it seems like, that is the only reason that I can think of, for why someone would try to say that shows are better than the book versions. If you actually read all of the aSoIaF books, and after, tried to say the show was better, while giving reasons for why you think that, then I might be able to try and understand your opinion, but until then, you do not have much of an argument at all, without having actually read the books of A Song of Ice and Fire.
900	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-16	This conversation is going nowhere.I agree. At least you gave up on saying the screenwriters were sexist. Well, then again, maybe not. You take offense from Arya's line 'a lot of girls are dumb!' while earlier Asha said 'anything with a cock is easy to fool.' These are just the characters, not stuff screenwriters want to put in there to be mean.Hodor.And now for something completely different: I've managed to make sense of Shae's protection of Sansa. Helping her flip over the mattress and stuff isn't that extreme and reasonably someone who isn't Cersei's spy would help her mistress with something she could get away in, putting a knife to a handmaiden's neck then again of course is. But self-preservation may play a role in this: the handmaiden could also have told Shae was helping Sansa hide it and that wouldn't have been good for Shae. So possibly she's not just acting on Sansa's behalf. That doesn't mean I think it was a good idea all things considered, but it might make more sense to me now. That the Hound was suddenly in the room still doesn't make that much sense to me however.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 16 May 2012 - 11:07 AM.
901	True Northerner	2012-05-16	Well, actually one of the reasons for my reluctanse to read these books IS the fact that I enjoy the series so much. Firstly, I tend to prefer tv-productions to books. It has happened with Jane Eyre, Pride & Prejudice, Lord of The Rings and with many other "books turned to tv-series/movies" which is why I really doubt that I would think ASOIAF is better than GoT. And actually stuff that I've read here on this forum has only made me more convinced of this. Take this Catelyn's decision to free Jaime. Sure, I haven't read books but from the debate here I got pretty goot idea about her motivations to do so in book universe. However, I really prefer her motivations in the show. Freeing Jaime based on a emotional decision while you have NO guarantee that Lannisters free her children is stupid. And what's even more stupid is that she doesn't even have any way to make sure that Jaime actually gets to King's Landing without being killed on the way which would then result to her daughters death.I much prefer show Catelyn, at least based on the information here and on other sites I've looked for info about ASOIAF. And this brings me to my second point: I like show characters so much that I don't want to "spoil" my mental image of them reading the books and being influenced by the same characters there. I understand that this might sounds horrendous to people who love these books but that's the way it is. This is something people rarely understand in my way and need to consume fiction so I won't dwell on it deeper. This is a discussion about the episode 7, after all, and not my relationship with the series or books.I haven't really taken part to discussion here because I'm pretty conscious about my English but I do read this forum a lot end enjoy discussions and debates here.Ya Im going to bite  on this too, even though Im pretty sure you'll never change your mind.I am not a "fantasy" reader my any means. I love TV, etc.. etc..But these books, and the rich world within are just about the greatest thing I ever read. The TV show, while highly enjoyable, is not even close to the books. I'm doing my first re-read right now, and I am consistently shocked by how items in Book 1 were foreshadowing events in later books. And the characters!!! I literally mourned them when I finished the last book, and couldn't wait to start all over again.Look.. the worst that happens is that you start the first book and say "meh.. not for me". But, at least give them a go!
902	Ser Piggy Of The Baby Back Rib	2012-05-16	1.  The TV audience doesn't need a double dose of how Brandon and Rickard died - Jaime has already told that tale to Ned in Season 1, so we do not need to waste any time on it in Season 2.  Especially if Jaime is also going to tell that story to Brienne in Season 3.  2.  The Jaime/ Alton conversation was very good, especially when you listen to what Jaime was saying about youthful dreams and ideals.  The dialogue was not just a set-up for the murder, but also a great insight into Jaime's own character and how the knight of his boyhood dreams has now become "Kingslayer".I know there are often complaints whenever an episode shows 'slow' scenes with just dialogue, but often the key action or character developent IS through dialogue scenes.  A TV show cannot rely on extensive exposition or POV memories as in GRRM's books, so that sometimes, lengthy sections of dialogue play a critical role.   You just have to pause, listen and hear what is being said!I don't remember that part of season one at all?  When did that happen, right before they squared off outside Littlefinger's whorehouse?  Secondly, I did listen to what Jaime was saying.  Knowing all along that he was going to try to escape, I'm not sure I buy that it was all from the heart and that it gave us some insight into his character.  He only starts sprouting that stuff once Alton tells him that he squired for him and that it was the best day of his life.  I think he told him what he wanted to hear to serve his own purpose.  Jaime even in chains is all about Jaime.  The Jamie we come to know who starts becoming introspective and really thinking about what his legacy will be only starts appearing when he loses his hand and his life goes to crap.  I think at this point, all he is interested in is being great and killing people.
903	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-05-16	I said it was ONE of the reasons and  in fact not nearly my biggest issue with reading these books. Main reason is that I simply have no strong interest in them. I like the series a lot but feel no need or urge to read ASOIAF as a book version. There are some reasons that make me feel even less enthusiastic and age thing is one of them though there are other WAY bigger ones, but as said, most importantly I just don't feel like it. There are thousands of good books in the world so I don't really see why not reading THESE books would make my life worse than not reading some other novels.Why are you in the "Book Spoilers" discussion then?  You obviously have some sort of interest in them, or you would be in the other thread.  Annoying.The books are fantastic.
904	dab0neman	2012-05-16	This is unfair "booksnobbery."  I've read all the books and I am finding that I am liking the portrayals of all the characters on the show better.  Even the way the plot is progressing is fine by me.  Someone does not have to read the entire suite of books to like/dislike the show and have a valid opinion.  The show is its own entitiy.  I think, as one who has read and loved all the books, that the books have slightly poisoned my viewing of the show now.  I understand the hatred for the show because it does not follow the books word for word now as Season 1 followed book 1.  We now have the unfair expectation that season 2 = book 2, season 3 = book 3 etc...Fuggetaboutit... that is NOT going to happen and can't happen.  The books offer muliple parallel stories in the same time line.  GRRM repeatedly warns us in each of the books after GoT that this is going on.  There's no way to make the story unfold on TV like that and include everything without getting bogged down in minutia.  That being said, it's very possible that since time and the stories are getting stretched out and rearranged, there are more chances to put more of the book content on screen since HBO seems to be content with keeping the show on the air for a long time.  I shudder to think what will happen if HBO gets cold feet and destroys the show like they did Deadwood after 3 seasons.  The horror....A great part of me is excited to find out the new story being written in our beloved universe on the TV screen.  It was the TV show that sucked me into reading the books in the first place which was a stretch for me because I too prefer watching to reading.  The same happened to me with the Lord of the Rings movies, another great example of an adaptation that had to make some pretty serious comprimises in order to get the story on-screen.  I wish they had 20 hours to tell the Lord of the Rings story instead of the 9 to 10 hours of all the movies.  Maybe we would have seen Bombadil??  Let's set aside our snobbery and see what unfolds as I would rather have the show than nothing at all.You lost me with " I tend to prefer tv-productions to books"...But what the hell, I will bite anyway......I don't know if you just don't like to read or what, but that's what it seems like, that is the only reason that I can think of, for why someone would try to say that shows are better than the book versions. If you actually read all of the aSoIaF books, and after, tried to say the show was better, while giving reasons for why you think that, then I might be able to try and understand your opinion, but until then, you do not have much of an argument at all, without having actually read the books of A Song of Ice and Fire.
905	PatrickStormborn	2012-05-16	I agree. At least you gave up on saying the screenwriters were sexist. Well, then again, maybe not. You take offense from Arya's line 'a lot of girls are dumb!' while earlier Asha said 'anything with a cock is easy to fool.' These are just the characters, not stuff screenwriters want to put in there to be mean.Men do not have a history of being oppressed, so Asha's comment is not offensive in the way that Arya's comment is.
906	Ghost714	2012-05-16	I don't remember that part of season one at all?  When did that happen, right before they squared off outside Littlefinger's whorehouse?  Secondly, I did listen to what Jaime was saying.  Knowing all along that he was going to try to escape, I'm not sure I buy that it was all from the heart and that it gave us some insight into his character.  He only starts sprouting that stuff once Alton tells him that he squired for him and that it was the best day of his life.  I think he told him what he wanted to hear to serve his own purpose.  Jaime even in chains is all about Jaime.  The Jamie we come to know who starts becoming introspective and really thinking about what his legacy will be only starts appearing when he loses his hand and his life goes to crap.  I think at this point, all he is interested in is being great and killing people.I don't consider what Jaime told Alton to be a load of crap, I think what he said goes hand and hand with what he said and thought in the books, after we really start getting to know Jaime. I think there is a reason why Alton really bought into what Jaime was saying, and that's because it was the truth IMO. What Jaime said about it was like being in a dream that you have had your whole life, only to find out the dream is more real than your life(he said something like that), that was a good way of saying the same things he says and thinks about in the later books. Same goes for when Jaime said leaving that battlefield was like being taken to prison, that is exactly like how Jaime viewed battle in the books. So again, I don't think Jaime was just saying what Alton wanted to hear, it was just a bonus that that's what Alton wanted to hear. In the books it is often said that the best lies have the most truth in them.
907	Balefont	2012-05-16	< dons flame retardant suit >
< discards flame retardant suit because ninja don't need that shit >
I like the guy playing The Mountain in this episode.  He may not be as physically "huge" but his voice was great and his face is way more like I pictured him in my head.  Plus, I didn't get the sense that he is prone to "over-acting" like the first Mountain gave me.
908	DirtyRobes	2012-05-16	Ya Im going to bite  on this too, even though Im pretty sure you'll never change your mind.I am not a "fantasy" reader my any means. I love TV, etc.. etc..But these books, and the rich world within are just about the greatest thing I ever read. The TV show, while highly enjoyable, is not even close to the books. I'm doing my first re-read right now, and I am consistently shocked by how items in Book 1 were foreshadowing events in later books. And the characters!!! I literally mourned them when I finished the last book, and couldn't wait to start all over again.Look.. the worst that happens is that you start the first book and say "meh.. not for me". But, at least give them a go!Perfectly said! That is exactly how I went through my first read.Only Real fantasy I had read before was LotR and while I did love the book, I also found it difficult to get through at times. I hear from ppl a lot who 'consider' reading Asoiaf but are worried because their only real fantasy exposure is the same, all they see is the size of the books and just IMAGINE what they're diving into. At first it really seems like a big commitment(atleast for those that arnt speed readers).All I ever tell ppl is PLEASE just read the first book! If by the time thats over and you can just Start another series Then Asoiaf isnt for you. I read but im not a heavy reader and after a month on the first book(I blame that on travelling Europe/Thailand att), had to wait 2 WEEKS for book 2, finished it in 3 days. Book store didnt hav a time on the next ones, went on amazon, kindled up & finished the remaining 3 books in 1 month. I believe it would have been less if AFFC wasn't so initially confusing;-PBottom Line; PLEASE Read! Atleast the first book whether you're a big fantasy fan or not, its a Masterpiece!, you'll never read a series like this one!!!
909	unRobert	2012-05-16	Men do not have a history of being oppressed, so Asha's comment is not offensive in the way that Arya's comment is.wait, wait, really? You had a problem with Arya's "other girls are stupid" comment?I just don't understand why everything needs to be viewed through some obscure, fluctuating feminist lens by some of the posters here. For one, aren't the other girls she's talking about the submissive, patriarch following "ladies". See, I would consider that a pro strong women statement.
910	PatrickStormborn	2012-05-16	wait, wait, really? You had a problem with Arya's "other girls are stupid" comment?I just don't understand why everything needs to be viewed through some obscure, fluctuating feminist lens by some of the posters here. For one, aren't the other girls she's talking about the submissive, patriarch following "ladies". See, I would consider that a pro strong women statement.Of course I did. Arya's "other girls are idiots" comment is misogynistic. Women do not need to disregard their femininity in order to be strong. Sansa, Catelyn and Daenerys, for example. Arya was suggesting that women who don't act like her are stupid; she was not saying that women who follow the patriarchy are stupid.
					
					
							Edited by PatrickStormborn, 16 May 2012 - 01:42 PM.
911	gmavridis	2012-05-16	"You know nothing Jon Snow"Since Ygritte come in play I've been waiting to hear her say that.
912	gmavridis	2012-05-16	They're doing the Theon at Winterfell part nicely, I think, although they made it relatively obvious that those were not Bran and Rickon's bodies.I agree. People who haven't read the books after the scene they were sure that the bodies weren't Bran's and Rickon's.
913	servethe_Realm	2012-05-16	The bodies looked ridiculous. It would've been more mysterious had they only tarred the heads and dressed them in Bran and Rickon's clothing as per the book. Also, Theon's worried face at the end gave it away that it wasn't them.
914	PatrickStormborn	2012-05-16	The bodies looked ridiculous. It would've been more mysterious had they only tarred the heads and dressed them in Bran and Rickon's clothing as per the book. Also, Theon's worried face at the end gave it away that it wasn't them.Really? His face looked guilty to me.Bran and Rickon being alive was pretty obvious in the books, so I don't really see what's so different here.
915	Impish	2012-05-16	LOVED this episode.  I particularly liked how Dany did some soul-searching, the whole "who am I? who are my people anyway? am I any better than my brother?" bit, for me this COMPLETELY redeemed her cringe-worthy "I will take what is mine with fire & blood rawr!" petulance from the previous episode, which was one of the very few scenes this season I've intensely disliked.  Now, it just fits in perfectly with the growth of her character.
The only real WTF moment for me was Jaime killing his poor relative, it seemed a bit gratuitous.. surely a less lethal distraction could've brought the guard in to investigate.  But hey, this is the guy that shoved Bran out a window, I have no problem whatsoever believing he'd kill ANYBODY he thought would help him get back to Cersei.  They are just reminding the audience of how dangerous and impulsive he is, in advance of his impending release.  I do hope they manage to tie in the news of Bran & Rickon's deaths to Cat releasing Jaime.. that is a pretty critical and far-reaching decision on her part.
Love the Jon/Ygritte stuff, I think it will add more complexity and uncertainty (ie, good drama!) to him turning his cloak.  (I am assuming Halfhand still manages to pass his final order to Jon somehow, this can still easily happen).  Ygritte's first "You know nothing, Jon Snow" was just epically perfect.
Theon -- fantastic.  A little thrown by Bran & co. not doubling back and hiding out in the crypts, but this is not an essential plot point and I can understand them simplifying things here (although, how DID they get away then? Theon losing their trail still needs to be explained somehow).
Agree with others that there is really no chance of the audience being "tricked" into thinking the bodies are Bran and Rickon's... my buddy I watched it with didn't buy it for a second.  But then you don't REALLY buy it in the books either, for the same reason... we're never shown their actual deaths.
916	True Northerner	2012-05-16	I couldn't WAIT for my non-book reading wife to freak out about Bran/Rickon. She didn't even flinch. But I think that has to do more with "if I don't see them being killed, then they aren't dead" television phenomenon.
I can't remember what I thought when I first read that. I probably read it, looked at the table of contents, saw more Bran chapters, and then breathed a sigh of relief.
917	bardgal	2012-05-16	Actually it wasn't that normal to be married off at 12 during middle ages. Well, it did vary, "middle ages" does cover time period for hundreds of years and average marriage age did not stay the same all the time. However, there were times when average marriage age was well over 20 years even for women. There were many reasons for this; for instance at some point church took over marriage deciding it was one of the sacraments and so blessing of a priest was required for a couple to be legally wed. This was not free and many poorer people needed years to collect suitable amount of money which meant that they were forced to delay their marriage.For nobles and roayl persons things were of course different. They were sometimes married off very young so in that sense GRRM is quite correct in his books even though it does creep me out (and is one the reasons I don't want to read the books, sorry).According to the text, Juliet dies just short of her 14th birthday, and her mother, Lady Capulet says to her:Well, think of marriage now. Younger than you,Here in Verona, ladies of esteemAre made already mothers. By my count,I was your mother much upon these yearsThat you are now a maid.So she had Juliet likely just after her 13th birthday.
918	bardgal	2012-05-16	Well, actually one of the reasons for my reluctanse to read these books IS the fact that I enjoy the series so much. Firstly, I tend to prefer tv-productions to books. It has happened with Jane Eyre, Pride & Prejudice, Lord of The Rings and with many other "books turned to tv-series/movies" which is why I really doubt that I would think ASOIAF is better than GoT. And actually stuff that I've read here on this forum has only made me more convinced of this. Take this Catelyn's decision to free Jaime. Sure, I haven't read books but from the debate here I got pretty goot idea about her motivations to do so in book universe. However, I really prefer her motivations in the show. Freeing Jaime based on a emotional decision while you have NO guarantee that Lannisters free her children is stupid. And what's even more stupid is that she doesn't even have any way to make sure that Jaime actually gets to King's Landing without being killed on the way which would then result to her daughters death.I much prefer show Catelyn, at least based on the information here and on other sites I've looked for info about ASOIAF. And this brings me to my second point: I like show characters so much that I don't want to "spoil" my mental image of them reading the books and being influenced by the same characters there. I understand that this might sounds horrendous to people who love these books but that's the way it is. This is something people rarely understand in my way and need to consume fiction so I won't dwell on it deeper. This is a discussion about the episode 7, after all, and not my relationship with the series or books.I haven't really taken part to discussion here because I'm pretty conscious about my English but I do read this forum a lot end enjoy discussions and debates here.I have no idea what your first language is, but your English is awesome. Your sentence structure is better than 70% of the population of native speakers.I totally know what you're talking about, and I too feel that way about many novels vs Films/TV. Anna Karenina comes to mind, along with LOTR (just couldn't finish them, and LOVE the films.) I am so excited about The Hobbit coming out with PJ at the helm, I can barely contain myself.  I hadn't even heard of the books until I finished watching last season, and was so in that I couldn't wait an entire year to find out what happens. I'm now on book 4.I agree with you, I like a lot of the show characters much better than the book, probably because I saw the show first. I'm also very familiar with screenwriting, and the difficulty in adapting novels to film, that I understand and so far, have no problems with any of the changes. I too like Show Catelyn better. But I'm glad I also know Book Catelyn.I can only speak for myself, but I see the books as icing on my giant ASOIAF cake, and quite enjoy seeing how D&D&GRRM are working their way through the adaptation. The books are fascinating, and for me, has only made my show experience better.
					
					
							Edited by bardgal, 17 May 2012 - 12:20 AM.
919	bardgal	2012-05-16	I either literally can't fathom what your saying, or I am calling bs. If you actually read the books of aSoIaF, there is absolutely no way you would  say that you like the tv show better.Perhaps you haven't noticed, but not everyone thinks exactly like you. Just because someone disagrees with you, it's no reason to bully them on an online forum.I'm reading the books, and watching the show. I am not a purist, and am enjoying BOTH. FACT: There are things I like better in the show. Call BS all you like, it doesn't make it true. But by all means, stay in your little bubble.
920	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-16	Perhaps you haven't noticed, but not everyone thinks exactly like you. Just because someone disagrees with you, it's no reason to bully them on an online forum.I'm reading the books, and watching the show. I am not a purist, and am enjoying BOTH. FACT: There are things I like better in the show. Call BS all you like, it doesn't make it true. But by all means, stay in your little bubble.Hear hear. I second that. Both have pros and cons. The books are very rich in characters and world building but they can also become bogged down by that richness. The tv-show is an excellent drama, very suspenseful and entertaining, but it can feel rushed from time to time. Although I do have to agree with others that one can only make a fair comparison by having read/watched both. That much seems obvious to me.Oh, and I don't understand how people initially didn't believe bran and rickon were dead in the books. That seemed essential to me. It was only after the reveal that I started to get used to (and increasingly annoyed by) GRRM's habit of faux-deaths. They were the first weren't they?
					
					
							Edited by Dragon greyscale, 16 May 2012 - 04:26 PM.
921	bardgal	2012-05-16	Sure, a lot of people didn't buy the hanging tar babies - but to say the reason is that they didn't "look real" I feel is silly. Theon still killed two kids (in the story.) He didn't hang up fake props from the Westeros Weta Workshopâ<U+0084>c.That said, a lot of people think Bran & Rickon are really dead. I know, because I know them and they've told me. All I said in response to when they said, "ZOMFGWTF! Theon really killed BRAN AND RICKON????" was, "No one is safe. Period. We lost three main characters last season, Ned, King Robert, and Kahl Drogo." Thankfully, they  took that as my answer, and have no idea this website exists. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> I can't wait for them to call me the second they go back to Bran & Co in the last episode of the season... "But you said....." /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />Tywin has ZERO idea Arya Stark is his cup bearer.  Seriously. Who told him? Littlefinger? No way. Littlefinger was at King's Landing when it happened, so he's partially responsible, and he'd not only look bad, but Tywin would wonder why the hell wasn't he told when it happened?? Littlefinger may have recognized her, but he's keeping his mouth shut for now (if he even knows Arya is missing.) Cersei? Again, no way. She was there too. Tyrion? Same. They all bear the blame of her getting misplaced, so finding her, before Tywin figures it out, or hears about it, would be better. Not much different than the books. So if no one told Tywin that Arya is missing, why on earth would he think she'd miraculously escaped custody and made it all the way to Harrenhall without being caught or getting dead? If he thought his family was that incompetent he might just call it a day and kill them all, die of shame, or jump off a cliff himself.Tywin will find out. But it's not going to be until he gets to King's Landing and figures it out himself. Why would D&D&GRRM rob Charles Dance of such an awesome discovery scene?Jon will be put into the same cell/pen as QH. They'll have their little chat, and QH will give him orders. All will be well.As for JonWarg, there is plenty of time for that. Everyone who finds out about him that first time in the books, never make it back to the Fist to tell anyone anyway. So there's no reason he can't begin to go through all that with Mance & Co. The outcome will be the same, and they save $$ on a CGI eagle this season. I haven't given up on that yet.At least that's what I think will happen... /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Most of the $$ this season was probably spent on the Blackwater, and HotU. Going to film on location in Iceland is actually saving them money.
					
					
							Edited by bardgal, 16 May 2012 - 04:37 PM.
922	Currawong	2012-05-16	I don't remember that part of season one at all?  When did that happen, right before they squared off outside Littlefinger's whorehouse?  Secondly, I did listen to what Jaime was saying.  Knowing all along that he was going to try to escape, I'm not sure I buy that it was all from the heart and that it gave us some insight into his character.  He only starts sprouting that stuff once Alton tells him that he squired for him and that it was the best day of his life.  I think he told him what he wanted to hear to serve his own purpose.  Jaime even in chains is all about Jaime.  The Jamie we come to know who starts becoming introspective and really thinking about what his legacy will be only starts appearing when he loses his hand and his life goes to crap.  I think at this point, all he is interested in is being great and killing people.The scene with Jaime and Ned is at the start of Episode 3 in Series 1, where Ned arrives in KL and enters the throne room.  Jaime is sitting on the steps near the throne, waiting for him.   Yes, it's a "TV special" scene, but it's excellent.	As for the Jaime - Alton conversation, you say you listened to it but I don't think you 'heard' what was being said. One of the things about Jaime, both in the books and the show, is that he is often extremely truthful when being flippant, sarcastic or seemingly just casual. There was quite a bit of 'real' Jaime in that conversation.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 16 May 2012 - 05:04 PM.
923	tryagainlater	2012-05-16	Men do not have a history of being oppressed, so Asha's comment is not offensive in the way that Arya's comment is.Is that really relevant? I know I have no place to tell people what they can and can't be offended by but bringing up the oppressed stuff seems like you're looking for Arya's line to mean more than it does. Arya hates the typical "lady" type and if I recall the books correctly, she plays it very fast and loose with the word "stupid". It seemed like something she would say. Westeros is a sexist world; this isn't really an example of it.As a guy, there was a situation in my life where I was treated badly by a female authority figure because of my gender. It's not that big a deal but I didn't like it at the time yet Asha's line didn't horrify me because of it. And her comment is much more vulgar.
924	Ghost714	2012-05-16	This is unfair "booksnobbery."  I've read all the books and I am finding that I am liking the portrayals of all the characters on the show better.  Even the way the plot is progressing is fine by me.  Someone does not have to read the entire suite of books to like/dislike the show and have a valid opinion.  The show is its own entitiy.  I think, as one who has read and loved all the books, that the books have slightly poisoned my viewing of the show now.  I understand the hatred for the show because it does not follow the books word for word now as Season 1 followed book 1.  We now have the unfair expectation that season 2 = book 2, season 3 = book 3 etc...Fuggetaboutit... that is NOT going to happen and can't happen.  The books offer muliple parallel stories in the same time line.  GRRM repeatedly warns us in each of the books after GoT that this is going on.  There's no way to make the story unfold on TV like that and include everything without getting bogged down in minutia.  That being said, it's very possible that since time and the stories are getting stretched out and rearranged, there are more chances to put more of the book content on screen since HBO seems to be content with keeping the show on the air for a long time.  I shudder to think what will happen if HBO gets cold feet and destroys the show like they did Deadwood after 3 seasons.  The horror....A great part of me is excited to find out the new story being written in our beloved universe on the TV screen.  It was the TV show that sucked me into reading the books in the first place which was a stretch for me because I too prefer watching to reading.  The same happened to me with the Lord of the Rings movies, another great example of an adaptation that had to make some pretty serious comprimises in order to get the story on-screen.  I wish they had 20 hours to tell the Lord of the Rings story instead of the 9 to 10 hours of all the movies.  Maybe we would have seen Bombadil??  Let's set aside our snobbery and see what unfolds as I would rather have the show than nothing at all.Not one person that I have seen is freaking out about the changes that are understandable, changes for reasons of time and budget are fine. Same goes for changes that must be made do to the fact that we can't hear the characters thoughts. Stuff like that,  those changes are fine, not one person is complaining about that. It's all the ridiculous changes that don't make any sense, those are the ones people don't agree with. When they are changing things just for the sake of being different, that's what people get mad about. Its the little things really that doesnt make sense. For example, in the books, Qhorin has four men that go with him into the Skirling Pass, counting Jon. The show also has four men go with Qhorin including Jon, so if they kept the same amount of men, why change the names of two of the characters? In the books it's Qhorin, Jon, Stonesnake, Ebben, and Squire Dalbridge. Yet in the show they changed the names of Ebben and Squire Dalbridge. It's not a huge change, but why do it? In the first season, they showed Jon developing as a character, they showed him getting over himself and they showed him growing up. Yet now in season two, it's like they forgot about all that great character development with Jon, by making him say things like "I fought and killed a Wight. How many Rangers can say that?", in an attempt to persuade Mormont to let him go with Qhorin. Jon would never say that, especially to Jeor Mormont his Lord Commander, and especially not infront of other Officers. So when they make Jon look like an idiot like that, not only are they not staying true to the book, but they are also contradicting their own character development that they gave Jon in season one. In every episode so far, that had Jon in it, they found a way to make Jon look extremely incompetent, and there really isn't a reason for it, other than just for the sake of change. By making Jon give some dumb ass reason for why he wants to go with Qhorin, not only are they changing how Jon goes with Qhorin, but they are also destroying great back story, for why Qhorin chose Jon, like in the book.Another thing people don't agree with, and that's the fact that the show has changed entire personalities and motives of characters. They have made some characters more likable and some less likeable. For some characters, it is a coin toss, half the fans like them, and the other half hates them. Yet the show is changing some of these characters, and by doing that they are basically saying that the audience should or should not like that character. D.B. Weiss has said Stannis would be a bad King, and that is just his personal opinion, which is fine, people can have there own opinions. However, Weiss's opinion of Stannis is showing in the character on the show, because they made Stannis way more unlikeable than the books, and I have a big problem with that. It should be up to the viewers to deside how they feel about a character, the writers personal opinion should not be obvious in the adaptation, because there is no evidence in the books saying Stannis would be a horrible King. There is some evidence that he would be a good King, and other evidence that he might not be. Also, when GRRM agreed to let them do the show, they made it seem like they would stick to the books as best as possible, especially because that was GRRM's wish(for them to stick to the books as best as possible), and I believe that for the most part, they did that in season one. Yet in season two, they have made a score of pointless changes, just for the sake of change. The changes I am talking about have nothing to do with the budget, and nothing to do with time restriction etc... When you make an adaptation, you should stick to the source material when ever its possible. If you don't want to stick to the source material, then why make an adaptation? If you can't stick to the source material, then you should make your own story, you don't half ass copy someone elses story. Especially when GRRM feels that same exact way about adaptations. For the record, I am not against every change. I love the changes with Margaery Tyrell's character, I think they were well done and it is synergetic to combine Margaery's character with the character of Olenna Tyrell. I really like scenes with Arya and Tywin, I believe they are very well done, and the two actors are absolutely great together. I am not sure yet how I feel about the changes with Jeyne "Talisa" Westerling, I have to give that more time. I really like the dialogue between Jon and Ygritte last episode, Rose Leslie is doing a great job. I just wish they would have gone about those scenes differently, for how they got to the dialogue. It made no sense for Jon to spare Ygritte, and then chase after her. It made no sense for Jon to be lost, unable to find Qhorin, after only running, at most 4-5 hundred meters. It made no sense that Qhorin, this badass Ranger, could not track and find Jon. Also, the change with Arya and Yoren was fine.So not all change is bad, it's just the change that is pointless that makes people mad. They should not be changing things just for the sake of change alone, and when they do make changes, they need to be well done. They have taken out alot of really really good scenes from the books, only to add in some pointless made up scene for the show.If you have read all the books, and if you claim to love the books, I have a really hard time believing that you could like the show more. If you love this story, it makes no sense that you would like the show more. The books give you just way more, they give you more characters, more of the world, and just more of the story. So for anybody to love the story, the books are going to be better automatically, because they give you way more of what you love. How could you love the story in the books, and then proffer the cliff notes version? Not to mention all the changes that aren't accurate to the books, in the show. It just makes no sense to claim to love something, and then proffer the shorter version. That's like saying you love a person, but you would proffer to only be with them for 10 years, opposed to 50. How could the shorter more mainstream version be proffered? The show has tried to make the story appeal more to the average person, when the books are more controversial and stuff, and that's why the books are so good, you either love them like crazy, or they are not for you. So I don't get the whole, "I love the books and I have read all of them, but I like the show better" stuff. Like for real, have you really read all of them or what? Because if you have, there is no contest. Very rarely is a show/movie better than the books, and with aSoIaF being such pure gold, it's impossible for the show to be better. Even if the show was as accurate as possible, it still would not be better, because no matter what they would not be able to include everything from the books. They can't include every character, things have to be on a smaller scale etc etc, it just not possible with these books.
925	The Unborn	2012-05-16	So I don't get the whole, "I love the books and I have read all of them, but I like the show better" stuff. Like for real, have you really read all of them or what? Because if you have, there is no contest. Very rarely is a show/movie better than the books, and with aSoIaF being such pure gold, it's impossible for the show to be better. Even if the show was as accurate as possible, it still would not be better, because no matter what they would not be able to include everything from the books. They can't include every character, things have to be on a smaller scale etc etc, it just not possible with these books.So you don't get that people have different opinions than yours ?You basically said that the books are better because they have more stuff. Ok..
926	zippypoodle	2012-05-16	It's all the ridiculous changes that don't make any sense, those are the ones people don't agree with.There haven't been any ridiculous changes that don't make sense, which renders the remaining points moot.
927	J_Crews	2012-05-16	Look.. the worst that happens is that you start the first book and say "meh.. not for me". But, at least give them a go! Some of the folks I've introduced to ASOIAF are watching each season, THEN reading the book, which seems to be working-out pretty well for them.
928	J_Crews	2012-05-16	Men do not have a history of being oppressed, so Asha's comment is not offensive in the way that Arya's comment is. Or perhaps neither of them are offensive in the slightest and you're being far too sensitive.
929	J_Crews	2012-05-16	< dons flame retardant suit >< discards flame retardant suit because ninja don't need that shit >I like the guy playing The Mountain in this episode.  He may not be as physically "huge" but his voice was great and his face is way more like I pictured him in my head.He was far better this week, but I still like the other dude better.
930	J_Crews	2012-05-16	Perhaps you haven't noticed, but not everyone thinks exactly like you.Just because someone disagrees with you, it's no reason to bully them on an online forum.I'm reading the books, and watching the show. I am not a purist, and am enjoying BOTH. FACT: There are things I like better in the show. Call BS all you like, it doesn't make it true. But by all means, stay in your little bubble.Wow.  You guys are awfully sensitive.  Bullying?  Really?
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 16 May 2012 - 05:47 PM.
931	bardgal	2012-05-16	Wow.  You guys are awfully sensitive.  Bullying?  Really?Yes. Really.: to intimidate or disconcert by a stern manner or arrogant speech : bullyWhat would you call it?
					
					
							Edited by bardgal, 16 May 2012 - 06:14 PM.
932	nara	2012-05-16	Of course I did. Arya's "other girls are idiots" comment is misogynistic. Women do not need to disregard their femininity in order to be strong. Sansa, Catelyn and Daenerys, for example. Arya was suggesting that women who don't act like her are stupid; she was not saying that women who follow the patriarchy are stupid.I didn't think it was misogynistic-- I thought it was just childish. Children (and childish adults) think that people who are not like them are stupid. Also, it reflects her feelings of inadequacy at not being able to do the "girlie" thngs as well as Sansa. Rather than just admitting that she's a bit jealous of Sansa's beauty and other qualities/skillls, she dismisses them as stupid. As she matures, she'll grow to appreciate that she and other girls bring different talents to the table.
933	Harimad	2012-05-16	I have to say the one thing that I really missed from the Catelyn/Jaime scene was when she kicks over the bucket and says he has "shit for honor" because that taunts him through the rest of the books and I always thought it was such a great line.
I also just cheered for joy that we got a Jaime scene. I really hope we see Barristan show up as Arstan and that they disguise him enough so that non-book readers wont immediately figure it out.
Tywin was never a hero but I guess I always read him as more of a cold-hearted bastard than someone cruel like Joffrey. He sends other people to do his dirty work and hides behind his money and his status, so I see his "kindness" to Arya as just another cog in his crazy twisted wheel. He's trying to figure her out and his niceness is just that much more unsettling.
To be honest he could be giving her dolls and flowers and I probably wouldn't care because I just want to see more Maisie! (okay...I would care....but c'mon)
I guess the Qarth changes dont really matter in the long run and to be honest, the faster they move along Dany scenes and I don't have to watch her....
934	J_Crews	2012-05-16	Yes. Really.: to intimidate or disconcert by a stern manner or arrogant speech : bullyWhat would you call it?I would call it what it is: normal human discourse.  If folks find what's been said here to be extreme, I can't imagine how they fare in the real world.  I took bigger hits in Model U.N. debates than have been tossed-out here.
935	Bronn son of Bronn	2012-05-16	dammit HBO - try to stick to the story ...
Theon had Mastiffs when he went hunting for Bran & Rickon, not Bloodhounds   [1]
[1] I like Mastiffs  (see Fang in Harry Potter)
936	bardgal	2012-05-16	I would call it what it is: normal human discourse.  If folks find what's been said here to be extreme, I can't imagine how they fare in the real world.  I took bigger hits in Model U.N. debates than have been tossed-out here.Normal human discourse allows for people to disagree. Bullying doesn't. Normal human discourse doesn't condone belittling others to make your point. Bullying does. I, for one, am sick to death of pretending something isn't bullying, when clearly it is, and the anonymity of the internet only exacerbates this behavior.I guess you missed "I either literally can't fathom what your saying, [as if the person wasn't speaking English, when clearly they were], or I am calling bs. If you actually read the books of aSoIaF, there is absolutely no way you would say that you like the tv show better. [Implying that the person MUST agree with this opinion.]"That is uncalled for, and it's simply not true. There are plenty of people here on this forum who LIKE BOTH, or like the changes made for the show MORE than the books. I'm one of them. The world isn't going to end because of it, and no one deserves to be treated badly for having a different opinion.What's tragic is people not being able to see bullying when it happens, or pretending it's 'no big deal.'
					
					
							Edited by bardgal, 16 May 2012 - 06:57 PM.
937	wymans cook	2012-05-16	Some of the folks I've introduced to ASOIAF are watching each season, THEN reading the book, which seems to be working-out pretty well for them.I told my brother to do this. He is loving it. I think by reading first your expectations are way high. The show stands alone very well
938	birdsong66	2012-05-16	I have to say the one thing that I really missed from the Catelyn/Jaime scene was when she kicks over the bucket and says he has "shit for honor" because that taunts him through the rest of the books and I always thought it was such a great line.  THIS.  When he later muses about being tired of high born ladies kicking shit buckets at him, as a reader, one begins to see that while their interactions were superficially antagonistic, Catelyn and Jaime both got under each other's skin, and for him, was a necessary part of his "redemption" arc.  Of the two interactions, I prefer the Karstark/Catelyn/Jaime scene to the "vows" scene.  Both actors delivered beyond expectation, and the "She Wolf without any Fish Left in Her" from him made me giggle, while the "GAG HIM" Literally had me burst out laughing.  So much awesome!  The follow up scene seemed rushed and rather anti-climatic by comparison, IMO.As for cutting off Jaime's hand, much as I would love for Catelyn to do it, I imagine they will stick to the vows extracted at sword point, much like the book.  The betrayal that Robb encounters will obviously be Catelyn's release of Jaime, which may or may not coincide with sudden marriage.  As no one knows about Bran & Rickon, perhaps Catelyn's betrayal will be the devastating event that preceedes Robb's marriage/sex conundrum, the catalyst that sets the whole series of subsequent events in motion.  Not a deviation I would celebrate, but given the changes to Catelyn in both seasons, I've come to expect that she will be.....muted for HBOGoT.
939	Harimad	2012-05-16	THIS.  When he later muses about being tired of high born ladies kicking shit buckets at him, as a reader, one begins to see that while their interactions were superficially antagonistic, Catelyn and Jaime both got under each other's skin, and for him, was a necessary part of his "redemption" arc.  Of the two interactions, I prefer the Karstark/Catelyn/Jaime scene to the "vows" scene.  Both actors delivered beyond expectation, and the "She Wolf without any Fish Left in Her" from him made me giggle, while the "GAG HIM" Literally had me burst out laughing.  So much awesome!  The follow up scene seemed rushed and rather anti-climatic by comparison, IMO.As for cutting off Jaime's hand, much as I would love for Catelyn to do it, I imagine they will stick to the vows extracted at sword point, much like the book.  The betrayal that Robb encounters will obviously be Catelyn's release of Jaime, which may or may not coincide with sudden marriage.  As no one knows about Bran & Rickon, perhaps Catelyn's betrayal will be the devastating event that preceedes Robb's marriage/sex conundrum, the catalyst that sets the whole series of subsequent events in motion.  Not a deviation I would celebrate, but given the changes to Catelyn in both seasons, I've come to expect that she will be.....muted for HBOGoT.Jaime's quips never fail to amuse me, but I'm quite the fan of the Kingslayer. I think that his character arc is one of the more if not the most interesting ones in the show, but that's just my humble opinion. I think the hand-cutting done by the Bloody Mummers is a good play because those are men that are supposed to be loyal to the Lannisters. Jaime goes from the golden boy that no one can touch to being completely humiliated and destroyed and I'm looking forward to seeing that acted out. Not sure how they'll work that out since I forget if Hoat and Raff and all those lovely characters have been cast, but I'm assuming that all plays out in season 3 anyway. I can't wait to see Brienne and Jaime play off each other. Hope we get to see the horses Glory and Honor eventually...always loved that tidbit.I think the vows extracted at swordpoint are important, too in their way. Jaime could easily throw them off as being given under duress and the old Jaime would have, but we get to see as he changes that he doesn't want to be an oathbreaker. But however D&D do it will be interesting to see!I have to admit I'm not a fan of the Talisa-Jeyne thing...I guess in the end it gets the job done but it just feels all wrong. Not my call though, so I hope it works for the best. After all, the RW must go on...
940	J_Crews	2012-05-16	Normal human discourse allows for people to disagree. Bullying doesn't. Normal human discourse doesn't condone belittling others to make your point. Bullying does. I, for one, am sick to death of pretending something isn't bullying, when clearly it is, and the anonymity of the internet only exacerbates this behavior.I guess you missed "I either literally can't fathom what your saying, [as if the person wasn't speaking English, when clearly they were], or I am calling bs. If you actually read the books of aSoIaF, there is absolutely no way you would say that you like the tv show better. [Implying that the person MUST agree with this opinion.]"That is uncalled for, and it's simply not true. There are plenty of people here on this forum who LIKE BOTH, or like the changes made for the show MORE than the books. I'm one of them. The world isn't going to end because of it, and no one deserves to be treated badly for having a different opinion.What's tragic is people not being able to see bullying when it happens, or pretending it's 'no big deal.'I guess I can see your point.  Sort of.  Everybody is entitled to their own opinion, but, when you express that opinion, you invite others to disagree and to voice their disagreement.  I suppose the poster quoted above could have gone about it in a different manner, but I, for one, refuse to filter every word I say and/or type to make sure it meets the criteria of being PC enough before I put it out into the world.  People, in general, need to grow a thicker skin, before the world eats their proverbial lunch for them.
941	Harimad	2012-05-16	I told my brother to do this. He is loving it. I think by reading first your expectations are way high. The show stands alone very wellI personally watched the first season and then read the first book....and then couldn't read the rest fast enough. I think there is definitely something to be said for reading the books, but I've always enjoyed reading. I personally struggle with some of the differences between the show so I think on the one hand watching first and then reading is a good way to go, but I have to keep reminding myself that they are separate entities.And while these boards can get "extreme" and we are all fans in our own way, I think it's important to be careful how things come across when the person reading can't see your facial expressions and hear your tone. Friendly debate and disagreements are what these boards are for, after all!
942	Ghost714	2012-05-16	Wow.  You guys are awfully sensitive.  Bullying?  Really?My thoughts exactly. I would not consider my post "online bullying".
943	Morrigan	2012-05-16	People throw around the word "e-bully" as soon as someone shows a bit of snark. Ignore 'em, they're pussies. (And now I bet that comment makes me a bully. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />)Of course I did. Arya's "other girls are idiots" comment is misogynistic. Jesus Christ, of course not. Are you for real? Arya calls everyone and everything that annoys her "stupid". She's a tomboy and doesn't like girly things, so she calls those stupid as well. That's all there is to it. For crying out loud...
944	Ghost714	2012-05-16	Normal human discourse allows for people to disagree. Bullying doesn't. Normal human discourse doesn't condone belittling others to make your point. Bullying does. I, for one, am sick to death of pretending something isn't bullying, when clearly it is, and the anonymity of the internet only exacerbates this behavior.I guess you missed "I either literally can't fathom what your saying, [as if the person wasn't speaking English, when clearly they were], or I am calling bs. If you actually read the books of aSoIaF, there is absolutely no way you would say that you like the tv show better. [Implying that the person MUST agree with this opinion.]"That is uncalled for, and it's simply not true. There are plenty of people here on this forum who LIKE BOTH, or like the changes made for the show MORE than the books. I'm one of them. The world isn't going to end because of it, and no one deserves to be treated badly for having a different opinion.What's tragic is people not being able to see bullying when it happens, or pretending it's 'no big deal.'I said I can't fathom what they are saying, because I can't even understand how someone could say the show is better than the book series. I never said it was impossible to like both, because I like both, I wouldn't be watching the show if I didn't think that. All I am saying is I don't see how it's possible to like the show more than the book series, after having read every book. Again, it's possible to like both, I PERSONALLY just don't see how someone could like the show more. Truly if you think that is "online bullying" then I don't know what kind of world we are living in, and obviously you have not been on many of the aSoIaF forums, if you consider that post to be bullying. I never said someone was dumb for thinking that way, I never threatened them, I just said I don't buy it. That's my opinion, just like you have yours, if you don't like it, don't read my posts. Just because I can't believe something someone says on the Internet, does not mean I am bullying them, it just means I can't believe it.
945	Ghost714	2012-05-16	People throw around the word "e-bully" as soon as someone shows a bit of snark. Ignore 'em, they're pussies. (And now I bet that comment makes me a bully. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />)Jesus Christ, of course not. Are you for real? Arya calls everyone and everything that annoys her "stupid". She's a tomboy and doesn't like girly things, so she calls those stupid as well. That's all there is to it. For crying out loud...Your my hero, my thoughts exactly. As for Arya, and what she says in that episode. Arya gets all passionate about Visenya Targaryen, who was a "great warrior", and Tywin says most girls are more into the songs about pretty maids with flowers in their hair like Jonquil, and Arya says most girls are stupid. This isn't the writers being sexiest, it's just how Arya's character would think. It doesn't mean all girls that wear dresses with flowers in their hair are stupid, it just means Arya thinks the girls that like those songs better than the ones about people like Visenya are stupid. That's just how Arya is, she is a tomboy, who is also a child, there is nothing misogynistic about it.
946	dab0neman	2012-05-16	For REAL dawg, I've read *all* the books but I like the show better.  Maybe it's my TV spoiled brain cells that make this simpler version of the story more enjoyable to me.   Watching the characters interact onscreen with each other and NOT knowing what will happen is making it a good experience.First and foremost, remember this is a TV show.  TV shows tweak with characters all the time.  I recall that Spock was very very emotional in the pilot of Star Trek compared to his Vulcan stoicism.  Sticking with the Star Trek theme, Jean Luc Picard was a stuffy fuddy duddy the first couple of years and didn't loosen up until season three.  But, I know, there wasn't a "Bible" to go off of no canon to be beholden to on those shows.  So the true "believers" such as yourself are horrified at what they are seeing e.g. no Reeds, no chain making, possibly no killing of the HalfHand??<<--I'm actually pretty worried about that.I don't think I can side with your opinion on this whole movie/TV show vs. Books business.  Maybe the fact that you require fans of the show to read the books is too harsh?  Still, I get it.  This season took some adjustment when I came to the realization that things were not going to go like season one.  Then, I got over it and stopped expecting things to happen like the book.  So maybe I'm an odd duck and not a true fan of the books(I AM a fan) but I'm a bigger fan of the World of Westeros.  I'm overjoyed that this show even exists!Not one person that I have seen is freaking out about the changes that are understandable, changes for reasons of time and budget are fine. Same goes for changes that must be made do to the fact that we can't hear the characters thoughts. Stuff like that,  those changes are fine, not one person is complaining about that. It's all the ridiculous changes that don't make any sense, those are the ones ....So I don't get the whole, "I love the books and I have read all of them, but I like the show better" stuff. Like for real, have you really read all of them or what? Because if you have, there is no contest. Very rarely is a show/movie better than the books, and with aSoIaF being such pure gold, it's impossible for the show to be better. Even if the show was as accurate as possible, it still would not be better, because no matter what they would not be able to include everything from the books. They can't include every character, things have to be on a smaller scale etc etc, it just not possible with these books.
947	Superior Glokta	2012-05-16	If you have read all the books, and if you claim to love the books, I have a really hard time believing that you could like the show more.Remember what Jorah tells Dany an episode or so back...."I still can't believe that your real"That's basically how I feel about the show.  How many of us here have watched their favorite short stories / novels / comics literally be raped by the heavy handed Hollywood machine?  Off the top of my head, just about every Steven King adaptation and Phillip K. Dick story has been fucked up when translated to the screen.I am simply thankful that this show actually exists, and it kicks as much as it does.
948	fede989	2012-05-16	I loved this episode, but I had a problem with the last scene. It isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t that they choose to make it clearer that those two burned bodies were not Bran and Rickon, rather than they cut the scene way too early.
The sickened face of Theon when he looks at the bodies was great, the screams of Maester Luwin were heartbreaking, and the score for that scene was incredible pertinent, it really wanted to make you feel the same as Theon: lost, confused and absolutely sickened. But I canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t help to think that if that scene lasted a little longer it could have an even bigger impact.
They could have shown the disgusted faces of the people of Winterfell for example, or more facial expressions from Theon, realizing what he has done and his internal struggle in that moment. I mean, murdering two innocents boys is a truly horrible an unredeemable act, even if they arenÂ´t who they are supposed to be. We got to see too little of his reactions for my taste, and worst is that Alfie Allan has shown to be really good at it.
When the picture faded to black I couldn't help to feel a little disappointed with that scene, because of the emotional potential that it had. Still this was an incredible episode, one of the best if not the best of the season for me.
					
					
							Edited by fede989, 16 May 2012 - 11:39 PM.
949	J_Crews	2012-05-16	So the true "believers" such as yourself are horrified at what they are seeing e.g.... possibly no killing of the HalfHand??<<--I'm actually pretty worried about that.Don't worry.  According to the summaries/teasers, this is still happening in episode 10.  People are wigging for no reason, just because the show is taking a different route to get to the same destination, and because they're hyper-sensitive to any changes that are made.I don't think I can side with your opinion on this whole movie/TV show vs. Books business.  Maybe the fact that you require fans of the show to read the books is too harsh?  Still, I get it.I wouldn't call it a requirement.  This whole rigamaroll got started because homeslice said he/she didn't want to read the books and I told them they were doing themselves a disservice.  I still stand behind that.  If you enjoy the show, you will very likely enjoy the books as well, regardless of which you enjoy more.  Why deny yourself that enjoyment, unless you just don't enjoy reading? (which I suspect is some sort of functional mental illness -- and that was a joke, just in case the PC thought police are reading this!)
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 16 May 2012 - 11:23 PM.
950	arifin.t	2012-05-16	Two little things I liked (Aside from everything else in the episode):
1. Jaime: Young men with big jobs - they tend to overdo it.
    Karstark's Son: Shh! 
    (and the look on Jaime's face when Karstark first sushed them)
2. The parallel between Robb and Jon :
    Catelyn: You have inherited your father's duties - they come at a price
    Job: That's the price you pay if you want to be a man of the night's watch
Overall, excellent episode.
951	bardgal	2012-05-17	Don't worry. According to the summaries/teasers, this is still happening in episode 10. People are wigging for no reason, just because the show is taking a different route to get to the same destination, and because they're hyper-sensitive to any changes that are made. I wouldn't call it a requirement. This whole rigamaroll got started because homeslice said he/she didn't want to read the books and I told them they were doing themselves a disservice. I still stand behind that. If you enjoy the show, you will very likely enjoy the books as well, regardless of which you enjoy more. Why deny yourself that enjoyment, unless you just don't enjoy reading? (which I suspect is some sort of functional mental illness -- and that was a joke, just in case the PC thought police are reading this!)Requiring someone ELSE to read something they have no desire to then deriding them for not wanting to do what you say, I suspect is some sort of functional mental illness, like OCD or a compulsion to control others -- and that was a joke, just in case the PC thought police are reading this!
					
					
							Edited by bardgal, 17 May 2012 - 12:16 AM.
952	Currawong	2012-05-17	...  Tywin says most girls are more into the songs about pretty maids with flowers in their hair like Jonquil, and Arya says most girls are stupid. This isn't the writers being sexiest, it's just how Arya's character would think. It doesn't mean all girls that wear dresses with flowers in their hair are stupid, it just means Arya thinks the girls that like those songs better than the ones about people like Visenya are stupid. That's just how Arya is, she is a tomboy, who is also a child, there is nothing misogynistic about it.Exactly.  And don't forget that in AGOT, Arya even thinks her sister Sansa is pretty stupid with her stars-in-the-eyes attitude about court life and marrying a prince, so it's not being sexist at all.  Even though the Arya/Tywin scenes are invented for the TV series, the Arya we see in them is exactly the sort of Arya that GRRM wrote.For REAL dawg, I've read *all* the books but I like the show better. Maybe it's my TV spoiled brain cells that make this simpler version of the story more enjoyable to me. Watching the characters interact onscreen with each other and NOT knowing what will happen is making it a good experience. First and foremost, remember this is a TV show.  TV shows tweak with characters all the time.    ... (snip)   ... This season took some adjustment when I came to the realization that things were not going to go like season one. Then, I got over it and stopped expecting things to happen like the book. So maybe I'm an odd duck and not a true fan of the books(I AM a fan) but I'm a bigger fan of the World of Westeros. I'm overjoyed that this show even exists!Yes. And I would strongly recommend that people go and read / watch that really excellent interview with GRRM, where he talks about the many problems of adapting books or even short stories for the screen, and relates his own experience doing this for just one short story.  A sci fi story which he loved, and where he knew the author.   It's NOT easy to adapt books for the screen, especially complex ones, and the way GRRM has written the ASOIAF books, where so much background and essential information is given through characters internal POVs, rather than action or dialogue, makes it even harder.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 17 May 2012 - 12:29 AM.
953	bardgal	2012-05-17	Exactly. And don't forget that in AGOT, Arya even thinks her sister Sansa is pretty stupid with her stars-in-the-eyes attitude about court life and marrying a prince, so it's not being sexist at all. Even though the Arya/Tywin scenes are invented for the TV series, the Arya we see in them is exactly the sort of Arya that GRRM wrote. Yes. And I would strongly recommend that people go and read / watch that really excellent interview with GRRM, where he talks about the many problems of adapting books or even short stories for the screen, and relates his own experience doing this for just one short story. A sci fi story which he loved, and where he knew the author. It's NOT easy to adapt books for the screen, especially complex ones, and the way GRRM has written the ASOIAF books, where so much background and essential information is given through characters internal POVs, rather than action or dialogue, makes it even harder.I saw that. It was great. I think it was part of the TIFF interview. Good stuff.
954	Currawong	2012-05-17	Yes, it was a really interesting interview, and I think GRRM makes it very clear how even tiny things in a story can cause problems when adapting that story for the screen, depending on time and budget.   LOL at his tale of "You can have horses, or you can have Stonehenge", but that was typical of the many compromises that have to be made.
Frankly, I don't think ANY adaptation of the ASOIAF books would ever please all the fans, because it is totally impossible to be 100% "faihful" to the books when translating them to the screen, given the way they are all written via different POVs.   And there would always be someone complaining about something, however tiny - a favourite minor character being omitted, roles combined, name changes, location changes, dialogue changes, someone's on screen appearance not being what a reader imagined, use of mastiffs instead of bloodhounds (or was it the other way round?!!), 'I thought the dragons would be different / bigger', etc etc.
I am with others who say that I am glad we are getting this series at all.  Yes, I have various nitpicks with things that IMHO could have been done a little better, but I also accept that these are considered decisions of D&D as writers /producers.  So I have decided to sit back and simply enjoy the series as TV, because D&D are essentially keeping to the spirit and major story lines of the books, and because I enjoy watching such superb acting bringing the world of Westeros to life.
							Edited by Currawong, 17 May 2012 - 12:48 AM.
955	Marjie Eilie Myatt	2012-05-17	I don't mind the humanizing of Cersei through conversations, or the humanizing of Jaime in his conversations with "Alton," nor even the humanizing of Tywin with Arya.  TV viewers don't get the benefit of internal monologues and backstory and so forth, and I think that absolute villains don't work well on the screen; it's like producers think we're dumb.
Nevertheless, I'm perplexed by some choices--whether one has read the books or not, and I admit that I have--as others have complained, Jaime kills his cousin and adds kinslayer to his repertoire, kills the Karstark here instead of on the field of battle where it's legitimate, Catelyn knows the senior Karstark wants his revenge and she promises him he'll have it, she knows Robb is coming back tomorrow, and she doesn't know Bran and Rickon are "dead."  But she frees Jaime Lannister?  It makes her seem like a crazy woman.  She's not role-modeling her gender very well at this point.  I mean, where does she get off?
And for Cersei to open up to Tyrion in particular; she doesn't seem to hate him for everything he is, as she did in the books.  Not a problem if you haven't read the books--unless the producers still intend to send Mandon Moore after him, and all the other horrible stuff Cersei does and says to Tyrion in the future.    I don't mind that she's not a one-dimensional villainess, but I don't know if the relationship with Tyrion is the place to establish that.  Although all this conversation with Sansa and others about loving your children so fiercely sort of sets up her total grief and outrage that makes her fixate on Tyrion as the assassin later.  At least she has started drinking visibly, and we can attribute her lack of inhibition to that.
And I'm sorry, but with all that padding there's no way Ygritte felt any boners! /closedeyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':closedeyes:' />
956	Currawong	2012-05-17	Well, Cersei did cry in front of Tyrion in the book (much to his amazement / confusion!) though she immediately rejected his attempt to comfort her.  That scene occurred much earlier in the book ACOK, when she is protesting about his idea of marrying off Myrcella to the Dornish heir, thus unknowingly revealing to Tyrion who her spy is.   So the fact that she cried and let down her guard is true to the books, just that the context is different and the writers have extended it somewhat by allowing her to actually speak of her fears and concerns.
957	Marjie Eilie Myatt	2012-05-17	You know what, I thought she was going to reject him horribly on the episode, like in the book, and when she didn't--they merely had an awkward moment--I thought, where am I remembering that from?  Did they do it already in Season 1 ?  Is it in one of the books?  Is it earlier?  Later?  When Tyrion was so hesitant, I thought, yeah, because you know what happened last time.  But on TV that has not happened (?).
And I hate when people turn on you like that, but it's parallel to Joff turning on Sansa when she witnessed his shame and injury, isn't it?  It's like you think they're going to have a tender moment and then Snap!
958	J_Crews	2012-05-17	Requiring someone ELSE to read something they have no desire to then deriding them for not wanting to do what you say, I suspect is some sort of functional mental illness, like OCD or a compulsion to control others -- and that was a joke, just in case the PC thought police are reading this! Sigh.I'm not requiring anything, pooh bear.  It was a suggestion made in an effort to increase someone else's enjoyment.  I couldn't possibly care less what someone does or doesn't read.  My entire position, all along, has been simply to say, "if you like one, you'll most likely also enjoy the other."Sheesh.
959	Arawni	2012-05-17	Why are you in the "Book Spoilers" discussion then? You obviously have some sort of interest in them, or you would be in the other thread. Annoying. The books are fantastic.Well, duh. That's pretty obvious, isn't it? /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> Yeah, I have a strong interest in the books but still not strong enough to actually read them. I prefer reading ABOUT them. How horrible am I!Besided, "spoiler" is just an empty word for me. I do understand it's meaning for other people but it'f basically impossible to spoil anything for me. You could tell me EVERYTHING that happens in the books and yet I'd happily read them if I wanted to. Actually I'm weird in this matter, too, because I usually read endings first. Why? Because I want to know whether I like the ending or not. If not, what's the point of wasting my time when outcome will not be satisfactory. If I like it, I'll be invested to know what happens before the ending. And usually the more I know the more I'm interested in reading/watching (unless I'm convinced I'm not going to like it).
960	J_Crews	2012-05-17	... Catelyn knows the senior Karstark wants his revenge and she promises him he'll have it, she knows Robb is coming back tomorrow, and she doesn't know Bran and Rickon are "dead."  But she frees Jaime Lannister?  It makes her seem like a crazy woman... Because everyone's getting more drunk and rowdy by the moment, and she knows Jaime'll never live to see the sunrise -- much less Robb's return -- if she doesn't get him away from there.  People forget that, in the book, Lord Karstark is away with Robb when she gets word the boys are "dead" and is moved to free Jaime in the desperate hope of getting her girls back; in the show, however, he's right there in camp, pouring horns of mead and stewing on his dead son, trying to whip everybody up into a frenzy.
961	Free Man	2012-05-17	Gone too far from the original story with the episode in my opinion (as I have been reading the book parallel, I have to say I am becoming disapointed with the TV series)
Lord Karstarks boy killed on guard duty... Would a powerful lords son be assigned guard duty? I think not. He should have died on the battlefield like in the book. Add to that Jaime killing his own cousin, instead of Tyrion trying to free him with covert ops... In the book, Jaime is not portrayed as a complete douchebag, like he is in the series. He had his reasons for everything he did, and while I do not say what he did was ok, it was fuelled by a desire to protect someone, he is not evil.
Jon chasing Egryd for 2 episodes instead of releasing her immediately and scouting ahead with the watch while warging - a strange choice right there.
Excluding the Reeds (which seem to me as a major part of the storyline) - also a poor idea.
Danaerys - ok... again quite new version of events.. her dragons have never been stolen, and her people have never been slaughetered. That blue lipped guy never killed the 13, and the rich guy never attempted to be king...
Tywin-Arya connection - its nowhere in the book, she hardly has any contact with him, and yet, the series makes you think they are almost becoming best griends. You fail to see her misery in Harrenhal, as you failed to see the way she really got there.
Rob - and that healer woman - again, the series make some new events, while excluding events from the book which are really interesting.
Verry little Stannis, or Kings landing.
Spoiler
-
-
-
the bodies in the last scene should have had their heads cut off and on top of a spear, to prevent everyone knowing if it really was Bran and Rickon. Theon is a douchebag, but I doubt he would have harmed Robbs brothers.
					
					
							Edited by Free Man, 17 May 2012 - 02:28 AM.
962	Arawni	2012-05-17	I don't know if you just don't like to read or what, but that's what it seems like, that is the only reason that I can think of, for why someone would try to say that shows are better than the book versions. If you actually read all of the aSoIaF books, and after, tried to say the show was better, while giving reasons for why you think that, then I might be able to try and understand your opinion, but until then, you do not have much of an argument at all, without having actually read the books of A Song of Ice and Fire.I do like to read and I actually read a lot. But I am immensely selective. Nowadays I don't read fiction that much because I rarely find anything that would really interest me. I prefer to read popularized history, books about religions, biology, essays about society and such things + some guile pleasure stuff that is really BAD but I don't care. I also prefer short stories to long novels and this is not because I couldn't concentrate on a long story or something alike. To be honest I actually feel a bit against long stories because I haven't read ONE long novel that I would have liked as a whole. I've always felt that at least one third should've been cut away and it would have benefited the book greatly. And how long is ASOIAF? Five books now. 2-3 yet to come. I'm the person who would have chopped LOTR to pieces. I'm the person who hates Tolstoy and Dostoyevsky (though I do awcknolegde that the are good writers) and love Chekhov and Gogol. Are you really expecting me NOT to dislike huge porportions of thousands of pages? Not gonna happen.So all in all, it's quite possible that ASOIAF is better than GoT what comes to quality. As you said, since I haven't read the books I cannot make this judgement and I won't. But something being "better" does not necesseraly mean I'll like it more. So far, according to everything I've read about the books and based on my long experience with books and films, everything points to one direction: I like the show and characters in the show more. Yeah, I could prove it by reading the books but I'm not going to waste hours and hours to prove something that I know is most likely true. And hey, there seemingly are people who have read the books and yet peref TV-show like dab0neman. Shocking. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I do get that people love these books and so they want everybody else to read them. But I know myself pretty well and I know what I like and what I don't like. Very, very rarely have I been wrong before some movie/book, usually I can tell before hand how I'll react to each one. All people were telling me how damn great Dostoyevski's Crime and Punishment is, how I should absolutely read it ect. I knew I would hate that book and surprise, surprise, so I did. I wouldn't even have read it unless it hadn't been on the list of my Russian literature class... I'm not saying here that I would hate ASOIAF but as said, I'm around 95 % convinced that 1) I would still like show more and 2) it would mess my head with the characters.So, that's it. I'm used people complaining about my way to consume fiction because it seems to be rather unique, but it's ok, it works for me. I'm most like not going to read them and you think I'm an idiot because of that. I suppose we all can live with that. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
963	Arawni	2012-05-17	According to the text, Juliet dies just short of her 14th birthday, and her mother, Lady Capulet says to her: Well, think of marriage now. Younger than you, Here in Verona, ladies of esteem Are made already mothers. By my count, I was your mother much upon these years That you are now a maid. So she had Juliet likely just after her 13th birthday.Yes, but they were nobility and I did mention that upper classes did marry younger that lower classes. So one cannot really take Juliet's mother as an example of average marriage age during that time especially because play was written by Shakespeare who lived in the 17th century England where average marriage age for women had decreased from the middle ages so actually women in Shakespeares times married younger than during the middle ages.I totally know what you're talking about, and I too feel that way about many novels vs Films/TV. Anna Karenina comes to mind, along with LOTR (just couldn't finish them, and LOVE the films.) I am so excited about The Hobbit coming out with PJ at the helm, I can barely contain myself.I agree with you, I like a lot of the show characters much better than the book, probably because I saw the show first. I'm also very familiar with screenwriting, and the difficulty in adapting novels to film, that I understand and so far, have no problems with any of the changes. I too like Show Catelyn better. But I'm glad I also know Book Catelyn.Hey, it's so cool to meet people who think alike. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> I totally agree with you about Anna Karenina! I wanted to kill Tolstoy while reading it - or myself. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
964	Arawni	2012-05-17	So you don't get that people have different opinions than yours ? You basically said that the books are better because they have more stuff. Ok..Exactly. For some pople "more" is not better. I actually prefer less which is why I tend to dislike very long books, movies and series. On the other hadn, I love short stories, poems, fairytales etc. Of course there are exceptions but this is how it usually goes for me. So no, I will not love ASOIAF more than the show because it has "more" than the show. Actually odds are that I will like it less just because it has more.
965	Arawni	2012-05-17	Or perhaps neither of them are offensive in the slightest and you're being far too sensitive.I agree with this. Come on, the whole GoT UNIVERSE is misogynistic! Are people going to complain if some character says "women are for fucking and bearing kids but nothing else"? Since Arya is a sort of a tomboy, I think that comment was spot on for her.
966	PatrickStormborn	2012-05-17	I didn't think it was misogynistic-- I thought it was just childish. Children (and childish adults) think that people who are not like them are stupid. Also, it reflects her feelings of inadequacy at not being able to do the "girlie" thngs as well as Sansa. Rather than just admitting that she's a bit jealous of Sansa's beauty and other qualities/skillls, she dismisses them as stupid. As she matures, she'll grow to appreciate that she and other girls bring different talents to the table.Jesus Christ, of course not. Are you for real? Arya calls everyone and everything that annoys her "stupid". She's a tomboy and doesn't like girly things, so she calls those stupid as well. That's all there is to it. For crying out loud... Sorry, but you're very wrong. Arya's comment -- whilst in character -- was misogynistic. "Most girls are idiots." What about that isn't misogynistic? Personally I don't think Arya is misogynistic (and I never said she was); she's just childish, as you said. But the line itself is still misogynistic. If you don't see that, then I question your definition of misogynism.
967	Samalander	2012-05-17	Not a problem if you haven't read the books--unless the producers still intend to send Mandon Moore after him, and all the other horrible stuff Cersei does and says to Tyrion in the future.I don't think it was ever confirmed it was her, even from her POV. I think it could have been Littlefinger that set Mandon Moore after him.
968	Evamitchelle	2012-05-17	Sorry, but you're very wrong. Arya's comment -- whilst in character -- was misogynistic. "Most girls are idiots." What about that isn't misogynistic? Personally I don't think Arya is misogynistic (and I never said she was); she's just childish, as you said. But the line itself is still misogynistic. If you don't see that, then I question your definition of misogynism.I think the problem is that most people have a pretty extreme definition of misogyny, one that makes them believe that the only people who can ever be misogynistic are raging lunatics who go around screaming "I HATE WOMEN" all the time. Most of the time it's much more subtle than that, and a lot of people end up with internalized sexism due to exposure to patriarchal societies. Even common insults are usually sexist. Like insulting a man by calling him a "pussy", a "sissy", a "wuss", "son of a bitch/whore", all the "your mama" jokes and arguably the worst insult in the English language : "cunt". Yeah, why is it offensive to be compared to a woman exactly ?That line on its own is pretty harmless, but it's still sexist. If I went around saying "mexicans are dumb haha" I'm pretty sure most people would rightly call it racist.
969	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-17	If you think there's a way to insult someone that's not offensive or wrong in any way, please share it. Basically what you just said was 'cusswords are offensive'. Yes, they are. That's why they're cusswords. In my language the most common insult is actually a word referring to male, so that it's different in English is coincidence more than anything. But no, of course, it has to be sexist! At most, even following your messed up logic, you could say Arya's (who is a girl, no less) comment is 'sexist' (which it's not), which doesn't mean it was the screenwriters' intent to offend anyone, because they're simply writing a character, in which case, in the end you'd be getting offended by a fictional character's fictional opinion, lol ^__^ What exactly are you trying to accomplish by fighting over that? If you think all such stuff should be omitted from everything because you're 'offended' by it you'd be severely limiting character possibilities, characters couldn't even express 'offensive' opinions anymore as a method to show how messed up they are (like the show actually did for Joffry). Seems to me someone has to get a stick out of her- above all. This attitude (shown by many minorities) is little more than an attempt to gain more influence on all kinds of branches of society anyway, while what we should be really focusing on actual important things like unequal wages. Of course, the little unimportant 'offensive' things keep our attention away from those and keep us fighting each other, exactly the thing the people maintaining the actual inequality want.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 17 May 2012 - 06:39 AM.
970	legba11	2012-05-17	Can we keep the discussion about the show, not personal battles?
971	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-17	Hodor.
972	Evamitchelle	2012-05-17	If you think there's a way to insult someone that's not offensive or wrong in any way, please share it. Basically what you just said was 'cusswords are offensive'. Yes, they are. That's why they're cusswords. In my language the most common insult is actually a word referring to male, so that it's different in English is coincidence more than anything. But no, of course, it has to be sexist! At most, even following your messed up logic, you could say Arya's (who is a girl, no less) comment is 'sexist' (which it's not), which doesn't mean it was the screenwriters' intent to offend anyone, because they're simply writing a character, in which case, in the end you'd be getting offended by a fictional character's fictional opinion, lol ^__^ What exactly are you trying to accomplish by fighting over that? If you think all such stuff should be omitted from everything because you're 'offended' by it you'd be severely limiting character possibilities, characters couldn't even express 'offensive' opinions anymore as a method to show how messed up they are (like the show actually did for Joffry). Seems to me someone has to get a stick out of her- above all. This attitude (shown by many minorities) is little more than an attempt to gain more influence on all kinds of branches of society anyway, while what we should be really focusing on actual important things like unequal wages. Of course, the little unimportant 'offensive' things keep our attention away from those and keep us fighting each other, exactly the thing the people maintaining the actual inequality want.I thought we were done with each other but apparently you have a bone to pick with me. 1. Way to miss the point. Yeah insults are meant to offend, that's their purpose, we're clear on that. The point is that men should not be insulted when compared to women, since there's nothing wrong with being a woman. 2. It's not just English. Most of the worst French insults translate to bitch/whore/motherfucker. Mandarin also has quite a few choice insults revolving around mothers and vaginas. Sometimes both at the same time. 3. Women can be sexist too. I thought you knew that already since you've accused me of being sexist several times before. 4. I never said I wanted to ban anything. 5. Nice to know minorities should get a stick out of their collective asses. 6. And calm down a bit maybe ? At this point I feel like my existence offends you.
973	Northern Girl 30	2012-05-17	When Theon and co arrive to that farmer's house with the two orphans...what was it that one of Theon's men, forget his name, picked off the ground?
974	Northern Girl 30	2012-05-17	Also why does Twyin think someone was trying to kill him? He had that little dart that killed Amory Lorch..he just presumes someone was trying to kill him as well or did Arya name Twyin as her third? Confused about that scene...
975	Evamitchelle	2012-05-17	When Theon and co arrive to that farmer's house with the two orphans...what was it that one of Theon's men, forget his name, picked off the ground?Nuts of some kind. Rickon's been munching on them for a while, so it's supposed to be a sign that he was at the mill not too long ago. Also why does Twyin think someone was trying to kill him? He had that little dart that killed Amory Lorch..he just presumes someone was trying to kill him as well or did Arya name Twyin as her third? Confused about that scene...I think Tywin just doesn't want to take chances. If someone's out to get his lieutenant, they should probably be out to get him as well.
976	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-17	I thought we were done with each other but apparently you have a bone to pick with me.1. Way to miss the point. Yeah insults are meant to offend, that's their purpose, we're clear on that. The point is that men should not be insulted when compared to women, since there's nothing wrong with being a woman.2. It's not just English. Most of the worst French insults translate to bitch/whore/motherfucker. Mandarin also has quite a few choice insults revolving around mothers and vaginas. Sometimes both at the same time.3. Women can be sexist too. I thought you knew that already since you've accused me of being sexist several times before.4. I never said I wanted to ban anything.5. Nice to know minorities should get a stick out of their collective asses.6. And calm down a bit maybe ? At this point I feel like my existence offends you.1. Unless you're a man. Which is why it is also common to compare women to men when insulting him, like people accusing them of having beards. I just don't think people who are mean by default should be used to judge the rest of society as a whole. 2. See above.3. I don't take anyone's gender for granted over the internet. You're all ambiguous creatures made of walls of texts, screennames and avatars to me. 4. So you approve of people making stuff that offends you. Okay, each to their own.5. I respect minorities when they address existing problems in society, not when they get offended at everything and anything. While we're discussing something Arya-the-fictional-tv-character said, some woman is being forced to wear a Burkha. 6. I'm actually amused by your existence, to be completely honest.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 17 May 2012 - 08:45 AM.
977	DragonSpawn	2012-05-17	When Theon and co arrive to that farmer's house with the two orphans...what was it that one of Theon's men, forget his name, picked off the ground?Dagmer has some of the nuts Rickon was eating - probably what they were getting the hounds to sniff and track... i don't think he found them there.. he had them with him... but the idea of using the millers kids to prevent Theon losing face presented itself and he dropped the hint to Theon...
978	Evamitchelle	2012-05-17	1. Unless you're a man. Which is why it is also common to compare women to men when insulting him, like people accusing them of having beards. I just don't think people who are mean by default should be used to judge the rest of society as a whole. 2. See above. 3. I don't take anyone's gender for granted over the internet. You're all ambiguous creatures made of walls of texts, screennames and avatars to me. 4. So you approve of people making stuff that offends you. Okay, each to their own. 5. I respect minorities when they address existing problems in society, not when they get offended at everything and anything. While we're discussing something Arya-the-fictional-tv-character said, some woman is being forced to wear a Burkha. 6. I'm actually amused by your existence, to be completely honest.In short : you respect minorities, as long as they don't annoy you. It's their fault they're oppressed because they don't focus their attention where you think they should. And if oppression manifests itself in minor ways they shouldn't talk about it because there are poor Muslim Women being Oppressed as we speak. And you find my existence funny. Good for you. Unfortunately for me I don't find sexism funny. I'm gonna stop here. No need to bother everyone else with a meaningless back-and-forth.
979	True Northerner	2012-05-17	Requiring someone ELSE to read something they have no desire to then deriding them for not wanting to do what you say, I suspect is some sort of functional mental illness, like OCD or a compulsion to control others -- and that was a joke, just in case the PC thought police are reading this!Whoa.. easy there. I think he's just throwing out a suggestion. Like "hey.. you love the series? You know what else you might like, these books". Kind of like when you go to Amazon and buy something, they suggest other things you might like.
980	Dryhtscipe	2012-05-17	RE Jaime killing his cousin: it's not about showing how much of an arsehole Jaime is, nor is it at all out of character. The lesser folk exist purely to die for the greater folk. That's a strong theme throughout the novels and is clearly being picked out as a strong theme for the series, too (hence the whole angry-medic-woman-chastises-Robb bit earlier in the season).Jaime quite clearly understands this. Not to mention that he and the Hound had a very strong correlation in this episode: they both fundamentally enjoy what they are, but possibly for very different reasons.
					
					
							Edited by Dryhtscipe, 17 May 2012 - 09:43 AM.
981	Dryhtscipe	2012-05-17	When Theon and co arrive to that farmer's house with the two orphans...what was it that one of Theon's men, forget his name, picked off the ground?This also ties into what I just said about "the little guy doesn't matter". Tywin is so conscious of this that it's entirely unconscious for him - why should anyone want to kill Mr Unimportant Faceless Weapon? Clearly, someone is intending to kill him. He's the one that matters.His assumption ties in perfectly with his son killing a cousin for his own escape. Jaime is one of those who matter. Those who matter do not care for those who don't, and those that matter who DO care for those who don't... perish. Like Ned Stark.
982	Dryhtscipe	2012-05-17	Lord Karstarks boy killed on guard duty... Would a powerful lords son be assigned guard duty?Yes. It's not "just guard duty". It's Jaime Lannister, hugely feared Kingslayer. Being assigned to guard him is Big Time.
983	The Nerdly Knight	2012-05-17	I was really thrown off by this episode and all the changes that have been made. So far I have had no issues with the sight deviations here and there but this week threw me for a serious loop. I will say on a positive note I am enjoying the chemistry between Ygritte and  Jon.
984	Evamitchelle	2012-05-17	Yes. It's not "just guard duty". It's Jaime Lannister, hugely feared Kingslayer. Being assigned to guard him is Big Time.Then why would he only assign one guard, if the Kingslayer is such a great prize ?  Also welcome to the boards ! (You can use the Multiquote function at the bottom right of a post if you want to answer to several posts at the same time).
985	legba11	2012-05-17	I think Robb gave the duty of guarding Jaime to Karstark for a reason.  Karstark was being uppity to his King, so he gave him a backhanded slap down with the "honor" of guarding Jaime. Also he likely wanted someone he could count on (Starks are sadly poor judges of the failings of others) to report back to him and important information Alton may pass on to Jaime.
986	Jon Black	2012-05-17	Well, duh. That's pretty obvious, isn't it? /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> Yeah, I have a strong interest in the books but still not strong enough to actually read them. I prefer reading ABOUT them. How horrible am I! Besided, "spoiler" is just an empty word for me. I do understand it's meaning for other people but it'f basically impossible to spoil anything for me. You could tell me EVERYTHING that happens in the books and yet I'd happily read them if I wanted to. Actually I'm weird in this matter, too, because I usually read endings first. Why? Because I want to know whether I like the ending or not. If not, what's the point of wasting my time when outcome will not be satisfactory. If I like it, I'll be invested to know what happens before the ending. And usually the more I know the more I'm interested in reading/watching (unless I'm convinced I'm not going to like it).I have that nagging curiousity to know what happens at the end of a book or series for the same reason.  I dont have to particularly 'like' an ending to invest my time, I just have to respect it.  And it is very rare that I dont atleast respect where the author took or takes the story.  I'm pretty open minded and liberal in this sense (To my point, Pulp Fiction is my favorite movie and I am literally rewatching The Grey for about the twentieth time at this very moment.  Movies, yes, but far from happy or complete endings).Anyways, I can actually attribute this nagging curiousity to one book----Red Dragon by Thomas Harris.  Will Graham running and hiding at the end while he leaves his wife and stepson to deal with the Tooth Fairy ruined an otherwise classic book for me.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Black, 17 May 2012 - 10:35 AM.
987	Greywolf2375	2012-05-17	Yes. It's not "just guard duty". It's Jaime Lannister, hugely feared Kingslayer. Being assigned to guard him is Big Time.So why do they only have one guard on duty?  Catelyn Stark walks into Renly's camp and has more guards on her.  A man with the nickname of "Kingslayer", the KotN is to his knowledge around and there is only one person watching?
988	DirtyRobes	2012-05-17	Yes. It's not "just guard duty". It's Jaime Lannister, hugely feared Kingslayer. Being assigned to guard him is Big Time.So why do they only have one guard on duty? Catelyn Stark walks into Renly's camp and has more guards on her. A man with the nickname of "Kingslayer", the KotN is to his knowledge around and there is only one person watching?In the world of Westeros, guarding Jamie Lannister The Kingslayler is absolutely a big deal!!!In the SHOW, he only has One guard so he only has to kill One guard. In reality he would had to have killed at least a few more just to get out of the camp. IF in the books Robb had taken Jaime camp hoping I can Only imagine he built his camp Around Jamie's cell and did not leave it on the outskirts with One Guard!! like in the show:)
989	J_Crews	2012-05-17	Whoa.. easy there. I think he's just throwing out a suggestion. Like "hey.. you love the series? You know what else you might like, these books". Kind of like when you go to Amazon and buy something, they suggest other things you might like. The voice of reason.  Thank you.
990	Hoo	2012-05-17	probably what they were getting the hounds to sniff and track.Prbly not, because the hounds reportedly lost track of the scent in the village.
991	Currawong	2012-05-17	In the world of Westeros, guarding Jamie Lannister The Kingslayler is absolutely a big deal!!!In the SHOW, he only has One guard so he only has to kill One guard. In reality he would had to have killed at least a few more just to get out of the camp. IF in the books Robb had taken Jaime camp hoping I can Only imagine he built his camp Around Jamie's cell and did not leave it on the outskirts with One Guard!! like in the show:)When you look at it from a practical point of view, I guess they figured (reasonably) that a man in a large cage, who is heavily chained at his hands and neck and secured to a large post, is not exactly going anywhere in a hurry!   As Alton is unarmed and doesn't have the keys to Jaime's chains with him  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />  I guess they also figured that he didn't pose much of a threat either.    Of course, the way they have written Jaime, it was a little silly putting anyone at all in with him, but again I guess Robb's and co didn't think Jaime would kill a very distant cousin.   The only really stupid mistake they made was having the keys handily available on the person of that single guard, and not held in a nearby tent or with someone in authority.
992	Northern Girl 30	2012-05-17	This also ties into what I just said about "the little guy doesn't matter". Tywin is so conscious of this that it's entirely unconscious for him - why should anyone want to kill Mr Unimportant Faceless Weapon? Clearly, someone is intending to kill him. He's the one that matters. His assumption ties in perfectly with his son killing a cousin for his own escape. Jaime is one of those who matter. Those who matter do not care for those who don't, and those that matter who DO care for those who don't... perish. Like Ned Stark.And Robb /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
993	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-17	Gone too far from the original story with the episode in my opinion (as I have been reading the book parallel, I have to say I am becoming disapointed with the TV series)Youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re making a really big mistake.  You have to watch the show first or else you will be terrible, terrible disappointed no matter what happens.  If you read the book, you will be  angry at what was left out or changed in the show. If you watch the show first, you will be delighted with how much more there is.Why in the world do you want to be angry instead of delighted?
994	oscarinfw	2012-05-17	A couple of thoughts on the HBO adaptation.
(1) I enjoyed the first season thoroughly; the second season not so much. Could that be because I had read the first four (4) books in-between (and now working on ADWD).  I've the suspicion I'd enjoy the second season more if I had not been "spoiled" by the books and the character/plot deviations.
(2) I think they should have devoted more than 10 episodes to ACOK, even if it means spreading it over two (2) seasons.  As it stands, I'm worried how they are going to maintain "continuity" with the subsequent books given the character/plot deviations driven in large part by the need to compress the plot lines to fit within 10 episodes.
I do not know where George Martin is going with this series but it seems to me he could S-T-R-E-E-E-T-T-T-C-C-C-H-H this story out a long time over many books; he's currently only working with a fraction of the World he's created.  Who's to say when/if he might bring in story lines from other parts of this world ?  
At the very least, IF the dragons are going to play a significant military role in these books, they will need years and years to grow, "mature" and become a significant military assets for Daenery's et al.  How Daenery's manages to learn how to "tame" these growing dragons seems problematical but then again, I am not that far into ADWD.
995	J_Crews	2012-05-17	... I do not know where George Martin is going with this series but it seems to me he could S-T-R-E-E-E-T-T-T-C-C-C-H-H this story out a long time over many books...I'm of a mind that there will be 3 more books, as opposed to the 2 that are planned, in order to bring the series to a close.  I could be wrong, but I have a hard time seeing how he can wrap it up in only 2 more books without rushing things, and I do not believe he will rush things.  It was originally only supposed to be a trilogy, so his "plans" are malleable.  I don't believe he'll be satisfied until he's told the story he wants to tell, and I, for one, applaud that... though I fervently hope there are no more 5 years gaps.At the very least, IF the dragons are going to play a significant military role in these books, they will need years and years to grow, "mature" and become a significant military assets for Daenery's et al.  How Daenery's manages to learn how to "tame" these growing dragons seems problematical but then again, I am not that far into ADWD.Keep reading.
	Spoiler  They're big enough to ride as of the end of ADwD, and one is, at least partially, broken to a rider. 
Used spoiler tags in case you're trying to avoid them, though, since you're posting in the book spoiler marked thread, that's likely moot.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 17 May 2012 - 11:16 PM.
996	zippypoodle	2012-05-18	Youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re making a really big mistake. You have to watch the show first or else you will be terrible, terrible disappointed no matter what happens. If you read the book, you will be angry at what was left out or changed in the show. If you watch the show first, you will be delighted with how much more there is. Why in the world do you want to be angry instead of delighted?There haven't been any meaningful changes, so the poster you're quoting is getting upset for nothing anyway.
997	mwizzle83	2012-05-18	Are we assuming Catelyn is freeing Jaimie?   Isn't it more likely she is just going to cut off his hand first.I completely agree.  It seems that Vargo Hoat, who cuts off Jaime's hand in ASOS, is one of those extra characters that HBO doesn't really have room for. As a result, I wouldn't be surprised if Catelyn is the one who cuts off Jaime's hand and then after hearing of Bran and Rickon's deaths, sets him free under Brienne's watch.I would love to see Vargo Hoat in the TV series though.
998	Marjie Eilie Myatt	2012-05-18	I could be wrong, but I have a hard time seeing how he can wrap it up in only 2 more books without rushing things,He could wrap it up in 2 books (depending how far you want the story to go before you consider it 'ended'), by forgoing some of the rich description, since by now the world is already "built" for its audience.  By the fifth book, I was saying, "Enough of the 'aimless glance' already!"  (See Umberto Eco's critique of minutiae that don't advance the plot and what purpose they serve, such as setting us up for implausible or violent action.)I realize this is now a tangent not directly related to Episode 7.
999	bardgal	2012-05-18	Sigh. I'm not requiring anything, pooh bear. It was a suggestion made in an effort to increase someone else's enjoyment. I couldn't possibly care less what someone does or doesn't read. My entire position, all along, has been simply to say, "if you like one, you'll most likely also enjoy the other." Sheesh.Not everything is about YOU.You obviously mistook my original post on bullying for something YOU said. It wasn't. I quoted the original post, which wasn't YOURS. Please go back and see who it WAS directed to - it's easy to see, that's what the QUOTE button does. My point has NEVER been about people suggesting the books. It's THE WAY a certain poster attacked another poster. And don't call me "pooh bear." You don't know me, and it just makes you look like that douchebag from Legally Blonde.
1000	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-18	A couple of thoughts on the HBO adaptation.(1) I enjoyed the first season thoroughly; the second season not so much. Could that be because I had read the first four (4) books in-between (and now working on ADWD).  I've the suspicion I'd enjoy the second season more if I had not been "spoiled" by the books and the character/plot deviations.Ding ding ding!  Exactly right. Not one of the nonbookers I know have been unhappy with the show.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s only the bookhuggers who carp and crow.(2) I think they should have devoted more than 10 episodes to ACOK, even if it means spreading it over two (2) seasons.  As it stands, I'm worried how they are going to maintain "continuity" with the subsequent books given the character/plot deviations driven in large part by the need to compress the plot lines to fit within 10 episodes.Excepting the eponymous nickname of Lord Baelish, we seen surprisingly little of a cock for these 10 episodes. Bit of a bummer that â<U+0080><U+0094> although there was a bit of bum last time around, now that you mention it.
1001	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-18	There haven't been any meaningful changes, so the poster you're quoting is getting upset for nothing anyway.Gotta admit that thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s what I thought, too, but I figured Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>d given the lamer the benefit of the doubt.
1002	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-18	I completely agree. It theemth that Vargo Hoat, who cutth off Jaime'th hand in AThOTh, ith one of fothe ekthtra characterth that HBO doethn't really have room for. As a rethult, I wouldn't be thurprithed if Catelyn ith da one who cutth off Jaime'th hand and den avter hearing of Bran and Rickon'th deathfth, thets him vree under Brienne'th watch. I would love to thee Vargo Hoat in the TV theries though.Yeth indeed, tho would I, but do you fink HBO could do a good enough job wiffout making him thound too thilly? ; }
1003	legba11	2012-05-18	I will be shocked if Hoat is cut, he may be pushed back to next season.  Catelyn is not going to cut off Jaime's hand!  All she cares about is getting her daughters back.  Why would she mangle the package she wants to trade for them???  I'm assuming she doesn't want mangled daughters back.
1004	bardgal	2012-05-18	Youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re making a really big mistake. You have to watch the show first or else you will be terrible, terrible disappointed no matter what happens. If you read the book, you will be angry at what was left out or changed in the show. If you watch the show first, you will be delighted with how much more there is. Why in the world do you want to be angry instead of delighted?I am always amazed when people think other people will feel or think exactly like them. I mean, I get sharing your own personal experience, but then taking that a step farther in the expectation that others will have your same experience is kind of mindboggling.I started reading the books after season 1 ended. (I'm a ridiculously slow reader because my life is pretty full..) As of the beginning of season 2, I had just about finished ASOS.By your theory, since I read book 2 before watching season 2, I should be as "terribly, terribly disappointed", and "angry at what was left out or changed in the show." Guess what? I'm NOT. I love BOTH. I am absolutely DELIGHTED with the show. In fact, I like much of the show BETTER. They both compliment each other, and for me, the books are the books, and the show is the show. I'm having fun experiencing BOTH. Right now I'm in the middle of book 4, and enjoying myself immensely.
1005	J_Crews	2012-05-18	I completely agree.  It seems that Vargo Hoat, who cuts off Jaime's hand in ASOS, is one of those extra characters that HBO doesn't really have room for. As a result, I wouldn't be surprised if Catelyn is the one who cuts off Jaime's hand and then after hearing of Bran and Rickon's deaths, sets him free under Brienne's watch.I would love to see Vargo Hoat in the TV series though.Hoat or no Hoat, having Catelyn cut Jaime's hand off would be a disastrously bad change.
1006	House Snow	2012-05-18	^Hmm I didn' think about that (of course thinking isn't Catelyn strongest suit either).  Anyway I hope they execute it in a way that people wont say WTF is Catelyn doing.
1007	J_Crews	2012-05-18	Not everything is about YOU. You obviously mistook my original post on bullying for something YOU said. It wasn't. I quoted the original post, which wasn't YOURS. Please go back and see who it WAS directed to - it's easy to see, that's what the QUOTE button does. My point has NEVER been about people suggesting the books. It's THE WAY a certain poster attacked another poster.All snarkiness aside, yes -- you were talking about what another poster said, but you responding directly to my post challenging whether or not it reached the severity of being qualified as "e-bullying" (a position others challenged as well).  You even re-quoted my little joke about the PC Thought Police, so how you could be surprised by my responding as to the origin of the whole convoluted, ignorant discussion escapes me.  I'm done now, both because it's off-topic and no longer amusing.And don't call me "pooh bear." You don't know me, and it just makes you look like that douchebag from Legally Blonde.None of us know each other. It's an internet board.  Again, you're taking yourself far too seriously and degenerating into calling me vulgar names.  Let's just let it die, shall we? Sheesh.
1008	J_Crews	2012-05-18	They both compliment each other, and for me, the books are the books, and the show is the show. I'm having fun experiencing BOTH. Right now I'm in the middle of book 4, and enjoying myself immensely.I agree.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 18 May 2012 - 06:12 PM.
1009	bardgal	2012-05-18	Hoat or no Hoat, having Catelyn cut Jaime's hand off would be a disastrously bad change. Yeah... I can't see them not having the Jamie v Brienne mutual beatdown. That's a pretty epic scene that changes who they both are. And they can't really have that scene if Jamie doesn't have a hand.
1010	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-18	Exactly. I often feel their respect for one another grew from there with the 'respect for each other as warriors' as a core basis which they established during that fight.I'm done now, both because it's off-topic and no longer amusing. None of us know each other. It's an internet board. Again, you're taking yourself far too seriously and degenerating into calling me vulgar names. Let's just let it die, shall we? Sheesh.It all boils down to (usually a combination of) 1. People coming to the internet and expecting a good time, then being unable to relieve the tension they wanted to relieve because everything is not completely as they want it to be 2. People taking themselves too seriously 3. People everywhere being too touchy in general. 4. It being more difficult to carry over intonation and irony over the internet. EvaMitchelle got more offended by me than she was supposed to be too most likely because of point 4. 5. No one being as awesomely cool-headed as I am (see what I did there? ^^)Btw, I'm watching Season 1 with commentaries now, and hope they do a commentary on this episode as well, preferably a writer who explains why all the changes were necessary... You do make a lot more sense of it when a guy explains it like that, weird as that may sound.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 18 May 2012 - 06:48 PM.
1011	bardgal	2012-05-18	All snarkiness aside, yes -- you were talking about what another poster said, but you responding directly to my post challenging whether or not it reached the severity of being qualified as "e-bullying" (a position others challenged as well). You even re-quoted my little joke about the PC Thought Police, so how you could be surprised by my responding as to the origin of the whole convoluted, ignorant discussion escapes me. I'm done now, both because it's off-topic and no longer amusing. None of us know each other. It's an internet board. Again, you're taking yourself far too seriously and degenerating into calling me vulgar names. Let's just let it die, shall we? Sheesh.You made it about you. It wasn't. Other people agreed with me. We're even.I used your tactic on you, and you have a problem? Sheesh. Who is taking things too seriously?Don't ever call me pooh bear. It's offensive. It makes you a condescending ahole. Instead of never taking responsibility for something you actually did, you could man up and apologize.
1012	bardgal	2012-05-18	Exactly. I often feel their respect for one another grew from there with the 'respect for each other as warriors' as a core basis which they established during that fight. It all boils down to 1. People coming to the internet and expecting a good time, then being unable to relieve the tension they wanted to relieve because everything is not completely as they want it to be 2. People taking themselves too seriously 3. People everywhere being too touchy in general. 4. It being more difficult to carry over intonation and irony over the internet. EvaMitchelle got more offended by me than she was supposed to be too most likely because of point 4. 5. No one being as awesomely cool-headed as I am (see what I did there? ^^) Btw, I'm watching Season 1 with commentaries now, and hope they do a commentary on this episode as well, preferably a writer who explains why all the changes were necessary... You do make a lot more sense of it when a guy explains it like that, weird as that may sound.The commentaries on the season 1 dvds are so fun!!!
1013	StannisandDaeny	2012-05-18	Don't ever call me pooh bear. It's offensive. It makes you a condescending ahole.Do you see what's wrong with this quote?And yeah, they are, I laughed my ass off at the episode 3 commentary I think it was. Where the kids are singing the intro to the show along especially. I also like the little side-stories like how the elevator jammed and the technical information about how the scenes were shot and came to be and stuff, makes you appreciate the creators more.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 18 May 2012 - 06:50 PM.
1014	bardgal	2012-05-18	Do you see what's wrong with this quote? And yeah, they are, I laughed my ass off at the episode 3 commentary I think it was. Where the kids are singing the intro to the show along especially.Yeah, you're right. My bad. Let me rephrase: Calling a perfect stranger "pooh bear" is condescending, sexist, and offensive. The kids singing the intro was one of the best moments ever. Almost as awesome as Nikolaj mentioning the "10 minutes of Slapping Joffrey" video.
1015	J_Crews	2012-05-18	Calling a perfect stranger "pooh bear" is condescending, sexist, and offensive.   Don't ever call me pooh bear. It's offensive. It makes you a condescending ahole. Instead of never taking responsibility for something you actually did, you could man up and apologize. Calling you "pooh bear" isn't sexist.  I've said it to other men, more times than I can count.  It's a Disney character.  It was a reference to my argument that you're being overly-sensitive, which you confirm, by the way, by calling it not just sexist (which is absurd), but also offensive and condescending, all in the same sentence.  Other than a very few extremely egregious examples (such as racial slurs), words are words: they only have the power to offend you if you willfully give them that power over you.  I do not, so feel free to call me a "condescending ahole" all you wish.  I give words zero power over my emotions.But, with that said, I apologize for offending you.Can we be done now?  Please and thank you?
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 18 May 2012 - 07:38 PM.
1016	Paul Stewart	2012-05-18	You have to watch the show first or else you will be terrible, terrible disappointed no matter what happens.  If you read the book, you will be  angry at what was left out or changed in the show.I read all the books multiple times.  Then watched the show (season 1 on blu-ray, season 2 live), and love it, as I am capable of treating them as two similar-but-separate forms of entertainment.  I did not know I was performing the impossible.
1017	Xray the Enforcer	2012-05-18	[mod] First off, do not assume that your words are not offensive to people. And everyone, please be polite and do not call people names, even ones that seem obviously benign to you. Secondly, this thread is way over post count limit and it's time to put it to bed. [/mod]
					
					
							Edited by ZbA3j Xray, 18 May 2012 - 08:32 PM.
1018	Xray the Enforcer	2012-05-13	(Repost for those who don't visit the book forums)I've seen people post time and again how much they love posting here, love the books, love/hate/lovetohate the TV show, love the discussions. There are a lot of you out there -- we saw our ranks nearly double as the first season aired -- and that's great.But it's time to give back to the community you profess to love. We're having a fundraiser right now, and we're looking to get as much money as we can to finance desperately needed hardware upgrades and maintenance. Ran set a conservative $2,000 target. There's really nothing more awesome than blowing past your fundraising target, so please make our holy-shit-we-made-it-to-$3,000 day and chip in $5. Or more. Whatever you feel comfortable donating. The fundraiser goes through next Wednesday, so if you don't have the cash now, you can wait until after payday to contribute. The ChipIn contribution widget is on the left side of the page.Here's Ran's official announcement, with helpful links:It's that time of year again, folks, to support the Westeros.org community. It's not just the forums and website, that have seen far more activity and membership than they ever have, but it's also the Wiki of Ice and Fire (the premiere ASoIaF wiki on the web) which is one of the most visited parts of the site -- well over a million unique visitors per month, coming by to look up all the details that you, the community, have put up there to share your knowledge and love of the series.If you've ever used the resources of Westeros.org, discussed a theory on the forum, browsed the wiki -- please consider chipping in a bit of money for the fundraiser! The funds raised will go directly to our wonderful server admin Sparks to defray the costs of hosting , and allow us to start looking into upgrades that might further improve the speed and stability of the servers.ChipIn allows payments through credit card or Paypal; sorry, we can't take money orders, cheques, or cash, but we do appreciate the thought! Besides clicking the donation links here, you can use the widget at the left sidebar to leave a contribution.Many thanks for your time, consideration, and (we hope) your donation!
					
					
							Edited by Xray the Enforcer, 13 May 2012 - 05:00 PM.
1019	Triskan	2012-05-13	$15.00 USD from your humble narrator last night. 
Everyone pitch in what they can!
1020	Xray the Enforcer	2012-05-14	Just wanted to thank Trisk and everyone else who has donated thus far. Up to $2666.50 $2716.50 and hopefully still going! /grouphug.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':grouphug:' />
					
					
							Edited by Xray the Enforcer, 14 May 2012 - 06:50 AM.
1021	Arataniello	2012-05-14	Yowsa, I just contributed and then looked at the accumulator.
EVEN THOUGH WE HAVE PASSED THE TARGET, if you want to contribute, then please do!  Costs are only going to go one way in the future.
1022	Xray the Enforcer	2012-05-14	EVEN THOUGH WE HAVE PASSED THE TARGET, if you want to contribute, then please do!  Costs are only going to go one way in the future.Absolutely. Ran went with a conservative target, but in reality all of those pre- and post-target dollars will be invested in hosting and hardware to keep this site operational under our new traffic loads (which have skyrocketed thanks to the show).
1023	Ghost of Crackclaw	2012-05-14	Ghosts don't have money. But they can haunt people, who in turn get scared and pay the priests to quiet the ghost...
It is my honor to chip in for this excellent forum. Thanks for the reminder, and keep up the awesome work!
1024	WetHair	2012-05-14	I'm so proud; it's now a holy-shit-we-made-it-to-$3,000 day.Well it doesn't say so yet but I'm sure it will.  Very soon. Really, really soon.Of course "soon" is such a nebulous term.
1025	Xray the Enforcer	2012-05-14	HOLY SHIT WE HIT THREE THOUSAND BUCKS!
 /communist.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':commie:' /> /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' /> /communist.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':commie:' />
Big thanks to everyone, and high-fives to WetHair for doing the math and then taking action. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by Xray the Enforcer, 14 May 2012 - 08:22 PM.
							
								spelin
1026	Greywolf2375	2012-05-15	Is there a way to contribute not using a Paypal method?  I've had my ID stolen twice via Paypal so am way leary of using it again.
1027	WetHair	2012-05-15	Hey Greywolf, that majorly sucks.  I contributed and didn't use Paypal.  There was an option to pay by credit card.
1028	Isis	2012-05-17	I didn't use paypal. I do have a paypal account but haven't used it for years. The ChipIn thingy lets you pay by credit card, which is what I did.
1029	Triskan	2012-05-17	I didn't use paypal. I do have a paypal account but haven't used it for years. The ChipIn thingy lets you pay by credit card, which is what I did.Yup.  The ChipIn thing was easy.  Even a lesser-evolved being such as I was able to give away money using it.  Genius.
1030	Thunderfist	2012-05-14	Could this be Euron Greyjoy?
1031	WITCHKING	2012-05-15	I thought that the man is the Goat...
1032	strifed169	2012-05-15	That guy had brown skin, so I doubt it
1033	WITCHKING	2012-05-15	That guy had brown skin, so I doubt itSo?Was Xaro black in the books?
1034	tryagainlater	2012-05-15	Could be Littlefinger. He shows up everywhere.
1035	WITCHKING	2012-05-15	Could be Littlefinger. He shows up everywhere.Lol...
1036	Monty501	2012-05-15	Could be Littlefinger. He shows up everywhere.Genious.
1037	kimo333	2012-05-15	So?Was Xaro black in the books? xaro isnt part of a family, euron is of house greyjoy from westeros. euron cant be black
1038	WITCHKING	2012-05-15	xaro isnt part of a family, euron is of house greyjoy from westeros. euron cant be blackI said i believe the man is the Goat, not Euron...
1039	TheEvilKing	2012-05-15	It's surely just some random dude getting a dope tattoo.
1040	DragonSpawn	2012-05-15	My first thought was Euron... i thought he had long dark hair though... but who knows what D&D have done with the casting...
1041	legba11	2012-05-15	I think it was just an interesting visual for a static scene.  I would be shocked if he was anyone of consequence.
1042	Tourniquet	2012-05-15	I think it was just an interesting visual for a static scene.  I would be shocked if he was anyone of consequence.Yea no duh! But what is fun about that?!
1043	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-15	Genious."Genius," said Stannis Baratheon. "It was a genius post."
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 15 May 2012 - 08:58 AM.
1044	WITCHKING	2012-05-15	Did't that man has a helm shaped as a goat's head?
1045	ViennaGirl	2012-05-15	it was Roz. duh. tattoos are the next big thing in King's Landing.
1046	Patchface12	2012-05-15	Would be cool if it was Euron. Never thought of that. I still don't think he went to Valyria, but maybe he got it in the surrounding area (Slavers bay? Manterys?)
1047	The Slayer	2012-05-15	If it was Euron, then why wouldn't he just capture Dany and make her his bride now?
Think it's a random duder.
1048	It is known.	2012-05-15	If it was Euron, then why wouldn't he just capture Dany and make her his bride now?Think it's a random duder.Dany hasn't really done anything badass at this point.  In the books when he decides he wants her for his wife she's already burned down the HoTU, gotten her army of Unsullied, killed the Great Masters of Astapor, defeated Yunkai and is occupying Meereen.At the moment in the show, she is a girl with 3 cat sized dragons that few people have been allowed to see, and Euron has an urgent murdering to attend to on Pyke.  That's if it's even him though, i'd like it if it was /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1049	Peasant Rebel Leader	2012-05-16	He's an extra. He's there to show that Quaithe or Lady Gaga for the TV viewers has magic powers, knowledge of the future, knows something about "Old Valyria" (=something with Dany and the Targs) and is some sort of priestess associated with Red (=Melisandre and later Thoros). It's simple world building. Not everything needs to be twisted, this is just some more exposition.
Two comments though come to my mind:
Was that the only nudity of the episode? Wow, they really seem to be on a dryspell with Sex. Of course they did have the Ygritte exchange which probably counts as fullfilling the sex (talk) quota, but there were no boobs /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
It must suck a bit for that actress playing Quaithe. I mean she's on the show but does anyone of us know how she looks like. The whole time under that mask...
1050	Monty501	2012-05-16	"Genius," said Stannis Baratheon. "It was a genius post."Apologies your grace I will now handmyself over to Ramsay Bolton as pennance.
1051	Greywolf2375	2012-05-16	Dany hasn't really done anything badass at this point.  In the books when he decides he wants her for his wife she's already burned down the HoTU, gotten her army of Unsullied, killed the Great Masters of Astapor, defeated Yunkai and is occupying Meereen.This is actually the reason why i don't like them having her dragons...dragonnapped.  She doesn't need to do anything - she has, as far as we know, the only three living dragons in the world and makes sure everyone knows she has dragons.  Why isn't there a line of people trying to get them/steal them/kill them at every step of the way for her?
1052	iheartseverus	2012-05-16	Apologies your grace I will now handmyself over to Ramsay Bolton as pennance."Penance," said Stannis Baratheon.  "I will now hand myself over... as penance."  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1053	Kaitscralt	2012-05-16	This scene felt like such filler. Her words to Jorah were totally anti-climatic since Xaro and Pyat revealed themselves in the next scene. The scene was pointless.
1054	Died a Hero	2012-05-16	Could this be Euron Greyjoy?Nah. But not because it wouldn't make sense for a bit scene to pay out for next season, mind you. It's because Euron never made it to Valyria in the first place.A smile played across Euron's blue lips. " I am the storm, my lord. The first storm and the last. I have taken The Silence on longer voyages than this, and far more hazardous. Have you forgotten? I have sailed the Smoking Sea and seen Valyria.""Have you?" The Reader asked, so softly.Euron's blue smile vanished. "Reader," he said into the quite, "you will do well to keep your nose in your books."One of my favorite exchanges in the whole series. Euron is a mummer, nothing more.
1055	Monty501	2012-05-16	"Penance," said Stannis Baratheon.  "I will now hand myself over... as penance."  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />By the Seven! I apologies.
1056	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-17	Could be Littlefinger. He shows up everywhere.hahaha
1057	Free Man	2012-05-17	Random dude - the book never shows her tattooing someone
1058	SerMixalot	2012-05-17	I picture the iron born being a hairier lot of men
1059	Ghost714	2012-05-19	Nah. But not because it wouldn't make sense for a bit scene to pay out for next season, mind you. It's because Euron never made it to Valyria in the first place.A smile played across Euron's blue lips. " I am the storm, my lord. The first storm and the last. I have taken The Silence on longer voyages than this, and far more hazardous. Have you forgotten? I have sailed the Smoking Sea and seen Valyria.""Have you?" The Reader asked, so softly.Euron's blue smile vanished. "Reader," he said into the quite, "you will do well to keep your nose in your books."One of my favorite exchanges in the whole series. Euron is a mummer, nothing more.I don't think that exchange proves Euron did not go to Valyria. I don't really like Euron one way or the other, so it isn't a big deal to me if he did, or did not, go to Valyria. I think Euron was just warning the Reader not to question him. If Euron did not go to Valyria, where did he get the Dragon Binding Horn?Lastly, if that was Euron in the scene with Quaithe, I will be gravely disappointed. That guy looked like a little bitch, nothing like the Crows Eye, who has been known to put the fear in hard grown men. Euron has to at least look somewhat physically intimidating, even if he is just all talk. That guy with Quaithe was nothing of the sort.
					
					
							Edited by Ghost714, 19 May 2012 - 03:00 PM.
1060	Baelor Blackfyre	2012-05-20	This may be a random thought, and I may be completely off base here. (And now strangely scared to make a spelling mistake. ha)
But I feel like Jorah being able to just walk up and find Quaithe doesn't make any sense. Were talking about the mysterious chick who just randomly appears next to Daenerys without any warning. And then it typically plays out like a conversation between Batman and Commissioner Gordon, where she just disappears while Dany is in mid-sentence.
1061	madman2711	2012-05-20	As Q is not among Qarth elite she is a freelancer tatoo artist / wicha / BDSM dominatrix trying to be accepted in the high society of the city 
So she accepted to do that tatoo to young griff so he could go near valyria
Probably she was also on the ploters list as she wanted to be the prime minister of Qarth as the warlocks filled all the supranatural jobs within Qarth bureaucraty
					
					
							Edited by madman2711, 20 May 2012 - 04:07 AM.
1062	Falcon2908	2014-12-10	Could be Benjen Stark
1063	LordArryn	2014-12-16	Someone going to valyria.. apparently.. idk who..Â 
Â 
Is Valyria now just a burning, smoldering wasteland?
1064	Puck the Goat	2012-06-07	Was she tatooing Euron in this episode so he could get the dragonhorn?
1065	Volantis	2012-10-19	No
1066	YoungGriff89	2014-06-30	I don't know, I just noticed the line about sailing past the doom of Valyria and made the connection. Â It works in so many ways when you think about it.Â 
Â 
Euron is a character with a questionable connection to the warlocks. Â That would have been an ideal time to streamline that detail from the books if it were the case. Â Especially since FFC and DWD weren't written at the time ACOK was but were when season 2 was being filmed. Â She also said he was sailing past the doom of Valyria which we know Euron has done, and to shadowlands beyond Asshai. Â Pyat Pree and the warlocks trap Dany/ the dragons while Euron goes to get the mythical horn to control them. Â Sounds like a plan.Â 
Â 
Seems entirely plausible to me.
1067	WolframTarant	2013-04-30	This BARELY warrants making a new thread but I'm hoping somebody can clarify something for me
Bran makes a point of saying, "We shouldn't go onto the farm lest Theon torture the innocents etc..."
So why does Dagmer find the walnuts there? I like to headcanon that Dagmer found the walnuts before arriving at the farm, and merely pretended to find them there to trick Maester Luwin. And yet it still seems strange to me.... Am I completely missing something or? I'd just like to know what's up with that scene. Not quite sure why they couldn't have just gone with the brooches. Anyway I hope this doesn't sound whiny and or nitpicky, I'm just a bit baffled by this scene. Thanks
					
					
							Edited by WolframTarant, 19 May 2013 - 11:56 PM.
1068	Independent George	2012-05-14	I'm skeptical of the way they're changing Jon's plot, but Ygritte is friggin' awesome. She's a marked improvement on the book version, who always seemed two-dimensional to me. I laughed out loud at the way she mocked Jon; it wasn't just in character, it added to her character. As long as they're changing things, I hope that in S3, it actually is Jon's arrow that kills her. At the very least, make it ambiguous - let him spend the rest of his days wondering if it was him. I always thought it was a cheat that he knew flat-out that it wasn't him.
1069	Bride of Winter	2012-05-14	She's fantastic. and I'm pretty much the worst nitpicker ever, so the fact that I loved her in the books and think they got her perfectly in the series really shows how great she is. I love that I can actually laugh out loud at their scenes, but they still add to Jon and Ygritte's characters and relationship. but I didn't mind how her death was in the book, because there was the whole bit about how he felt it might as well have been him, because he blamed himself for dragging her into everything.
1070	TeamDanyArya	2012-05-14	Yeah, I don't want or need them to change her death in the series to it being Jon's arrow that did it. Keep that as is. And I don't think they are drastically changing their relationship dynamic too much at this point. She's kind of bratty in the books (which I loved) and made no secret that she liked him so her dialogue isn't that much of a stretch for me. I can see how a free wilding woman would question the institution of the Night's Watch and some of their vows. It's pretty sad that someone as young as Jon choose to confine himself is such a way and choose not to love a woman in his life. And for what? To protect the realm from things North of the Wall that may or may not be as evil as everyone has been led to believe.
1071	Envie	2012-05-14	I too think the actress chosen for Ygritte is absolutely fantastic. I found Ygritte in the books to be rather annoying also - and am really happy she's more intelligent as well as strong willed and fiery temperament.They also gave her some pure golden lines that made me laugh out loud. She wasn't that witty in the book so this is nice and amusing. I particularly loved when she asked Jon "Do ya got sheep at the wall? No? Yer use yer hands then...  No wonder y'er all so miserable!" HAHA! /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />Ygritte's feisty personality is how I had hoped Asha would behave in the series instead of the slack-eyed somewhat unanimated way they've cast her as "Yara" - totally uninteresting. I never thought Asha was 'hot' in a sexual sense but she certainly had a lot more fire than the actress is doing.
					
					
							Edited by Envie, 14 May 2012 - 09:37 PM.
1072	Ghost714	2012-05-14	I liked Ygritte in the books, and I really like her in the show. They have made her very funny, I especially liked when she threatened to tell Qhorin that Jon had sex with her, the words she used were fantastic. However, I am a little confused by her actions. When she kept trying to get with Jon, I thought she really wanted to do him, but later it seemed like she was just doing all that to trick Jon into a false sense of security, that way she could walk him into a trap. So was it all an act, or did she really want to bump-uglies with Jon? Or was it a bit of both?
Again, I really liked the scenes with Jon and Ygritte, I just wish they would have gone about doing them differently. It would have been much better had they not made Jon look so incompetent, with the whole not killing her, and then chasing her, and then getting lost, thing. In fact, that's one of my biggest complaints with season two, in every episode they find a way to make Jon look sooo incompetent. I really like how in the book, Qhorin and Jon don't get caught because of incompetence. They did everything they could do to get away from Rattleshirt and his party, it just was not enough. So other than that, I really liked the scenes with Jon and Ygritte, the actress for Ygritte is perfect, and might I say, also very hot..
I also agree with one of the posts before mine, I really wished Yara would have had  some of the fire that Ygritte has in the show, instead of seeming so dull and absolutely lifeless.
					
					
							Edited by Ghost714, 15 May 2012 - 03:38 AM.
1073	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-05-15	The chemistry between the two actors is palpable. It is very hard to act out sexual tension in such a way as to be believable to the audience but I think that they do it perfectly. Kit Harrington is a great straight man/foil for Rose Leslie's acidic wit. I hated Ygritte in the books but she shines in the series. One of the few times that the series surpasses the books, IMO.
1074	victim	2012-05-15	I got the impression that Ygritte was trying to give Jon a chance to turn his cloak before they captured him. I kept hearing an eagle in the background during their scenes, and I'm positive it is Orell or some other skinchanger helping Rattleshirt set up that ambush. Maybe I just want it to be true so bad that I've started believing it. 
And yes, Rose Leslie has been amazing as Ygritte so far. Out of all the new side-characters she has been the best. I didn't think I'd be saying that about someone not named Jaqen H'ghar.
1075	Eddard Sand	2012-05-15	I'm still clinging to the hope that Halfhand gets to order Jon to kill him. It NEEDS to happen. I can still see it playing out not sure how.. but its possible.
1076	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-05-15	The wording of the final episode description "Jon proves himself to Qhorin" suggests that the big scene will take place. The theme of these departures seem to be that, yes detours are being taken, but the end destination remains the same. We will see Qhorin's sacrifice.
1077	dtones520	2012-05-15	I'm still clinging to the hope that Halfhand gets to order Jon to kill him. It NEEDS to happen. I can still see it playing out not sure how.. but its possible.Qhorin probably gets captured too and him and Jon get a chance to talk before he kills him.
1078	Eddard Sand	2012-05-15	The wording of the final episode description "Jon proves himself to Qhorin" suggests that the big scene will take place. The theme of these departures seem to be that, yes detours are being taken, but the end destination remains the same. We will see Qhorin's sacrifice.Awesome. Especially since these detours are quite scenic and IMO most are adding to the story in places the books didn't get to.
1079	Ghost714	2012-05-15	As long as Jon turns his cloak on the last order of Qhorin Halfhand, I will be completely fine with the changes to the beggining of Jon's story with Ygritte. It will be hard being fine with Jon nonsensically chasing Ygritte, after deciding not to kill her, but I will do it. However, it's going to take some time getting over them making Jon look absolutely incompetent. In. Every. Single. Bloody. Episode.
1080	icefiregirl	2012-05-15	It would have been much better had they not made Jon look so incompetentIsn't that the wholepoint, that Ygitte's powerful and wild femaleness turns Jon into a floundering little boy?
1081	Onion Smuggler	2012-05-15	I think that what they might have done, is that Jon and Qhorin have already come up with a plan that Jon deliberately "gets lost", and Ygritte manages to get him captured by the wildlings. The Qhorin turns up and to prove himself as a turncloak Jon kills him, they could have a flashback scene where Qhorin tells Jon what he must do before they attacked Ygritte's camp. That way they don't make Jon look incompetent because it was his plan all along to be captured and they have the scene where he kills Qhorin to prove himself. That's how I would do it anyway, they don't have many flashback scenes though. 
Ygritte is really good, she actually has some charisma, so much better than Yara and I thought it was hilarious how she was taking the piss out of Jon.
1082	Jayaris	2012-05-15	I thought "I swear it, oh Master King Crow sir" was particularly funny.
1083	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	Isn't that the wholepoint, that Ygitte's powerful and wild femaleness turns Jon into a floundering little boy?yes but not before he turns his cloak, cause that calls into question why he turned his cloak, was it at QHs orders to to get a bit of tail touched by fire
1084	Mediumjon Umber	2012-05-15	I'm still clinging to the hope that Halfhand gets to order Jon to kill him. It NEEDS to happen. I can still see it playing out not sure how.. but its possible.They could easily do it without any prior dialogue between the two of them. They just need to lock swords in the final fight, Qhorin whispers "kill me" or something like that to Jon, feints a block when Jon strikes and drops dead, leaving a baffled Jon with wildlings cheering around him. End of season.
1085	Independent George	2012-05-15	"Turn back around-""And then, when I thought he was done, he said, 'Turn back around.'"I nearly died laughing at that.
1086	Buckwheat	2012-05-15	I do not particularly like all the changes regarding Jon's story, but this was seriously funny. I think the actors have great chemistry together, the unknowing foolish poor Jon and the witty brave wildling girl.I liked Ygritte in the books, and I really like her in the show. They have made her very funny, I especially liked when she threatened to tell Qhorin that Jon had sex with her, the words she used were fantastic. However, I am a little confused by her actions. When she kept trying to get with Jon, I thought she really wanted to do him, but later it seemed like she was just doing all that to trick Jon into a false sense of security, that way she could walk him into a trap. So was it all an act, or did she really want to bump-uglies with Jon? Or was it a bit of both?I think it was both, she liked him and wanted to lead him into the ambush. Plus, I think the obvious third reason is that she just very much enjoyed annoying him. I would, too, if somebody acted like such a fool in front of me and claiming I was his prisoner, while obviously not knowing where we are and where we are supposed to be going.Again, I really liked the scenes with Jon and Ygritte, I just wish they would have gone about doing them differently. It would have been much better had they not made Jon look so incompetent, with the whole not killing her, and then chasing her, and then getting lost, thing. In fact, that's one of my biggest complaints with season two, in every episode they find a way to make Jon look sooo incompetent. I really like how in the book, Qhorin and Jon don't get caught because of incompetence. They did everything they could do to get away from Rattleshirt and his party, it just was not enough. So other than that, I really liked the scenes with Jon and Ygritte, the actress for Ygritte is perfect, and might I say, also very hot..I also agree with one of the posts before mine, I really wished Yara would have had  some of the fire that Ygritte has in the show, instead of seeming so dull and absolutely lifeless.Yes, I agree. I thought it was obvious that Ygritte could escape at any moment (actually expected Jon to wake up alone after the last episode). I have absolutely no idea why anyone would choose Jon as their LC in this state. The next season will have to show some serious character development to make it look believable.And where in seven hells is Ghost?
1087	Milcov	2012-05-15	I'm skeptical of the way they're changing Jon's plot, but Ygritte is friggin' awesome. She's a marked improvement on the book version, who always seemed two-dimensional to me. I laughed out loud at the way she mocked Jon; it wasn't just in character, it added to her character.As long as they're changing things, I hope that in S3, it actually is Jon's arrow that kills her. At the very least, make it ambiguous - let him spend the rest of his days wondering if it was him. I always thought it was a cheat that he knew flat-out that it wasn't him.Azor Ahai and Nissa Nissa.
1088	Mr. E	2012-05-15	And where in seven hells is Ghost?Ghost is stuck in the netherworld of expensive CGI. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1089	Buckwheat	2012-05-15	Ghost is stuck in the netherworld of expensive CGI. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Saaaaaad /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />.I rather like someone's explanation that he sees that Jon is a fool and he is ashamed of him and has abandoned him.
1090	Independent George	2012-05-15	I rather like someone's explanation that he sees that Jon is a fool and he is ashamed of him and has abandoned him.My dog looks at me like that all the time.
1091	David Selig	2012-05-15	I found the Ygritte - Jon scenes in this episode cringe worthy. Lame "blue balls" jokes going on and on forever is not my idea of good television.
1092	dreamcatcher	2012-05-15	As long as Jon turns his cloak on the last order of Qhorin Halfhand, I will be completely fine with the changes to the beggining of Jon's story with Ygritte. It will be hard being fine with Jon nonsensically chasing Ygritte, after deciding not to kill her, but I will do it. However, it's going to take some time getting over them making Jon look absolutely incompetent. In. Every. Single. Bloody. Episode.Agree, you'd think they make him a bit less bratty considering he sort of grows up in the 2nd book PLUS that he's a lot older in the show. But he's acting like a 12-year-old in the skin of a twenty-something. WTH D&D??
					
					
							Edited by dreamcatcher, 15 May 2012 - 10:27 AM.
1093	victim	2012-05-15	The sillier Jon seems now, the more badass he'll look later. TV is a much simpler medium than novels, I'm afraid.
1094	Shay Baratheon	2012-05-15	I was sooo waiting for her to say "you know nothing, Jon Snow", took a while to get there XD
Other than that, she was pretty much a she-Austin Powers
1095	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	Even the silly banter between Y and J would have worked if Jon said
"I Dont want to father any bastards, wilding!"
characterization and rational response to silly dialogue
1096	Sheep the Evicted	2012-05-15	I actually really like her too but i wish they could have found a way to get that out of her without ruining Jon Snow; he's many things but a bumbling idiot is not one of them.
1097	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	all that being said the actress playing Y is quite beautiful, of course I have a think for red hair and underbites
1098	So1ar	2012-05-15	I think that what they might have done, is that Jon and Qhorin have already come up with a plan that Jon deliberately "gets lost", and Ygritte manages to get him captured by the wildlings. The Qhorin turns up and to prove himself as a turncloak Jon kills him, they could have a flashback scene where Qhorin tells Jon what he must do before they attacked Ygritte's camp. That way they don't make Jon look incompetent because it was his plan all along to be captured and they have the scene where he kills Qhorin to prove himself. That's how I would do it anyway, they don't have many flashback scenes though.That would be cool but I can't see it happening. TV Show Jon has been turned into a complete moron.
1099	Chelly	2012-05-15	I actually really like her too but i wish they could have found a way to get that out of her without ruining Jon Snow; he's many things but a bumbling idiot is not one of them.I agree. It has been mentioned repeatedly on the show about Jon being some dumb pretty boy. I never got that in the books. He was clearly naive and ignorant of much in the world, but I never got that he was stupid or slow. I found him to be fairly competent and he continued to grow up and learn more all the way up to ADwD.Anyway, I love Ygritte and I already love her on the show. I think they made a very good casting choice here. She delivered "You know nothing, Jon Snow" perfectly.
1100	David Selig	2012-05-15	Yeah, Jon this season is so dumb and everyone owns him that it's too much even for me (and I've never liked him in the books, bashing him has been one of my favourite activities on this board). Really don't see how they'll sell to the viewers him being chosen for Lord Commander when they spent a whole season making him look completely incompetent and the butt of all jokes in his plotline.
1101	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-05-15	You have to remember that he is still a young guy. In the books he's what? 16? He's NEVER been with a girl sexually up to this point. His hormones are raging! Now this gorgeous, fiery, charismatic girl is throwing herself at him...what is he supposed to do? Act the perfect soldier? Not be distracted in the slightest? Women have been using their "feminine wiles" since the beginning of time to seduce, distract and coerce men into doing things they normally wouldn't do.
					
					
							Edited by Prince of Dragonstone, 15 May 2012 - 12:15 PM.
1102	Patchface12	2012-05-15	I'm still clinging to the hope that Halfhand gets to order Jon to kill him. It NEEDS to happen. I can still see it playing out not sure how.. but its possible.Yeah, I hope Qhorin asks to talk to Jon in private as a kind of last request before he does him in. Jon just killing him seems out of character. Then again, Jaime killing his own cousin seemed out of character too and that didn't stop them from doing it
1103	Greywolf2375	2012-05-15	You have to remember that he is still a young guy. In the books he's what? 16? He's NEVER been with a girl sexually up to this point. His hormones are raging! Now this gorgeous, fiery, charismatic girl is throwing herself at him...what is he supposed to do? Act the perfect soldier? Not be distracted in the slightest? Women have been using their "feminine wiles" since the beginning of time to seduce, distract and coerce men into doing things they normally wouldn't do.I don't have any problem with what she was doing, just how often they went back to that same well to see if there was more water with the same joke.Yeah, I hope Qhorin asks to talk to Jon in private as a kind of last request before he does him in. Jon just killing him seems out of character. Then again, Jaime killing his own cousin seemed out of character too and that didn't stop them from doing itJon just turning on Quorin and killing him would be a much larger departure in character than Jaime's was though.  I don't like how they've had them marching...somewhere...for a while, but whatever.  What I will be disappointed with - and this may be a nitpick to many - is if we do not get to see Squire Dalbridges stand for his brothers.  And not just die for them - the way he did it was to me one of the most heroic, bad ass moments in the series.
1104	Silverx2	2012-05-15	I think this is showing Jon out of his element. Jon has been raised as a fighter/lord/tactician Not as a ranger/guard. I think all of the "damage" jons character is taking now will quickly be erased when we see him fight QH, Defend the wall against the raider attack, and then ultimately when we see him defend the wall against the wildling army. 
Jon was raised to be a leader among men, The old bear saw that, thats why he didnt make him a ranger, and was trying to groom him for command..
1105	Menos Grande	2012-05-15	Yeah, I don't want or need them to change her death in the series to it being Jon's arrow that did it. Keep that as is. And I don't think they are drastically changing their relationship dynamic too much at this point. She's kind of bratty in the books (which I loved) and made no secret that she liked him so her dialogue isn't that much of a stretch for me. I can see how a free wilding woman would question the institution of the Night's Watch and some of their vows. It's pretty sad that someone as young as Jon choose to confine himself is such a way and choose not to love a woman in his life. And for what? To protect the realm from things North of the Wall that may or may not be as evil as everyone has been led to believe.He have that impression of the night's watch (and surely the Kingdom also). But we know now that the wall wasn't put there to hold the wildlings out, and yes to keep out lurks in the night out of nightmares out..The Kingdoms are surely more powerfull than the free folk, they could conquer their lands if realy wanted to.. why they put the wall? Because of the Walkers/giants/Spiders/ and only the gods know what more lies at the other side.By many years (or centurys) the Others slept and we thought we "were safe".  So the wall and the night's watch only fought Wildlings.. so both Wildlings and Night Watch (Hell the kingdom!) Think the Wildlings being the reason of the wall.But as the others came back everybody remmembered the necessity of the wall, and that the man of night's watch stay true.So I wouldn't say his vows are horrible, they're necessary, some one has to do it.
1106	Jayaris	2012-05-15	Jon is certainly looking rather silly, certainly not a man that the mighty Tormund Giantsbane would come to respect.
1107	dreamcatcher	2012-05-15	I think this is showing Jon out of his element. Jon has been raised as a fighter/lord/tactician Not as a ranger/guard. I think all of the "damage" jons character is taking now will quickly be erased when we see him fight QH, Defend the wall against the raider attack, and then ultimately when we see him defend the wall against the wildling army.Jon was raised to be a leader among men, The old bear saw that, thats why he didnt make him a ranger, and was trying to groom him for command..By the time we come to that, everybody will hate him, readers and non-readers alike. When he dies everybody will be like YAY.
1108	Onion Smuggler	2012-05-15	That would be cool but I can't see it happening. TV Show Jon has been turned into a complete moron.I should be a writer /hat.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':hat:' />I don't think they've made Jon to look like a complete idiot though, he's still young, north of the wall where he's never been  and alone. I just think that he "knows nothing"I did fine the sexual teasing funny at first but it did seem to continue ever scene, I'm sure non book readers would be like, yes okay we get that Jon is going to sleep with her
					
					
							Edited by Onion Smuggler, 15 May 2012 - 04:00 PM.
1109	strifed169	2012-05-15	Jon is certainly looking rather silly, certainly not a man that the mighty Tormund Giantsbane would come to respect.Agreed, I don't see how Tormund takes a liking to this type of Jon Snow at this point, let alone Mance Raider.
1110	mcb	2012-05-15	Agreed, I don't see how Tormund takes a liking to this type of Jon Snow at this point, let alone Mance Raider.Well, in the beginning Mance found Jon simply amusing. Can't say this reaction to Jon's character would be a stretch.
1111	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-15	As low brow as that whole segment was, I loved it, shamelessly. Particularly the "turn around" bit.
I think I'm falling for Ygritte. I'm not usually into redheads...
1112	Independent George	2012-05-15	They also gave her some pure golden lines that made me laugh out loud. She wasn't that witty in the book so this is nice and amusing. I particularly loved when she asked Jon "Do ya got sheep at the wall? No? Yer use yer hands then...  No wonder y'er all so miserable!" HAHA! /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />Does anyone else find it hilarious that to Ygrette, sheep go before hands?
1113	victim	2012-05-15	The way the show is going, I can see a Mr Miyagi/Daniel San relationship between Mance and Jon.
1114	EgoistMusketeer	2012-05-15	Does anyone else find it hilarious that to Ygrette, sheep go before hands?Her monologue was too funny.  I loved when she was describing how she would accuse Jon Snow of raping her, "I didn't want to want it"
1115	Buckwheat	2012-05-16	One question, could anyone who understood it better than me write down what she said when she was describing how he could live among the free folk:"You are a pretty lad. Girls would ????? to have you or sth like that."What would the girls do to be able to sleep with him?
1116	Jayaris	2012-05-16	One question, could anyone who understood it better than me write down what she said when she was describing how he could live among the free folk:"You are a pretty lad. Girls would ????? to have you or sth like that."What would the girls do to be able to sleep with him?Claw each others eyes out.
1117	Buckwheat	2012-05-16	Claw each others eyes out.Thanks! I thought it was something like that, only needed confirmation /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />.
1118	SerMixalot	2012-05-16	Thanks! I thought it was something like that, only needed confirmation /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />.I have that problem all the time, unfortunately it is AFTER i sleep with them.  Guess I am sort of coyote ugly
1119	Buckwheat	2012-05-16	I have that problem all the time, unfortunately it is AFTER i sleep with them.  Guess I am sort of coyote uglyPoor you. *pats Mixalot on the head*
1120	Lexicdark	2012-05-16	While it did seem like Yigrette was going on and on about sex, I think they needed some way for Yigrette to escape.  And since they didn't go along with the book, they used this aspect to fore shadow the Jon/Yigrette relationship later, and make put Jon in a situation he was total not comfortable with.  But Yigrette poking at Jon and making fuc of his viginity, she was able to keep him distracted that she could escape when she wanted to.  But I do love her character, and how she torments Jon.
1121	SerMixalot	2012-05-16	While it did seem like Yigrette was going on and on about sex, I think they needed some way for Yigrette to escape.  And since they didn't go along with the book, they used this aspect to fore shadow the Jon/Yigrette relationship later, and make put Jon in a situation he was total not comfortable with.  But Yigrette poking at Jon and making fuc of his viginity, she was able to keep him distracted that she could escape when she wanted to.  But I do love her character, and how she torments Jon.all true but it made jon look weak
1122	TeamDanyArya	2012-05-16	That's because at this stage in his development, he is weak. He is not incomptent as some seemed convinced of but is rather ignorant. Hence the line "You know nothing Jon Snow." He knows nothing but Winterfell and really is out of his element north of the Wall. He knows little about life  in general other than what Ned has taught him and is naive. Just like Sansa is naive. Both have romantic notions of what life is like. For Sansa, it's the glamour and allure of court life and for Jon, being a man of the Night's Watch is a noble thing. Both have found out rather quickly that is not true and both are fumbling for how best to survive.
					
					
							Edited by TeamDanyArya, 16 May 2012 - 07:54 PM.
1123	SerMixalot	2012-05-16	That's because at this stage in his development, he is weak. He is not incomptent as some seemed convinced of but is rather ignorant. Hence the line "You know nothing Jon Snow." He knows nothing but Winterfell and really is out of his element north of the Wall. He knows little about life  in general other than what Ned has taught him and is naive. Just like Sansa is naive. Both have romantic notions of what life is like. For Sansa, it's the glamour and allure of court life and for Jon, being a man of the Night's Watch is a noble thing. Both have found out rather quickly that is not true and both are fumbling for how best to survive.interesting, hadnt thought in these terms.  TV Jon is suffering this issue far clearer than book Jon, probably the medium.  I will keep this in mind as I reread the 1st few books
1124	congokong	2012-05-16	There are always people who like and dislike everything it seems. As my family was watching this last episode we couldn't stand the Jon-Ygritte scenes. It was just sex talk. The original poster actually prefers this over the stories of the northern ancestors?! I don't see how this makes her 3-dimensional.
1125	Lyana	2012-05-17	I thought about the changes of Jon's TV character too. I can't recall exactly how it was in the books, but in the second season of the show, Jon's been lectured by someone most of the time. First it was LC Mormont - I recall two conversations how the LC lectured him about life and his duty in the NW after Jon did something stupid. Than that part was taken over by Qhorin. He lectures him a bit and then calls him stupid. And at the end Ygritte tells him he "knew nothing", after making him really uncomfortable with sex-jokes. Well, all I can conclude from this is that Jon is a stupid pretty boy (how about all the comments that he is a pretty boy - that was odd), who knows nothing and is a virgin. As much as I enjoy the Jon scenes in the second seaon (because he is my favourite character in the books and in the show), I hope they better start with some character-development next season.
1126	Reposado	2012-05-17	The way the show is going, I can see a Mr Miyagi/Daniel San relationship between Mance and Jon.oh cmon, jon isn't that obnoxious.
1127	gogorath	2012-05-17	There are always people who like and dislike everything it seems. As my family was watching this last episode we couldn't stand the Jon-Ygritte scenes. It was just sex talk. The original poster actually prefers this over the stories of the northern ancestors?! I don't see how this makes her 3-dimensional.A good half the conversation was discussion of freedom, the Wildling culture, etc. and not anything to do with sex at all.  Do you just blank that out?
1128	Ruka	2012-05-17	I loved the J/Y interactions, she was raised in a society where people pick who they want to bed down with and revel in their Freedom. The Kingdoms have a multitude of orders that claim to enforce chastity, Maesters,  Septons/Septas, NW all are supposed to fight against human nature due to some words. Most of the scenes between Y/J were about the difference between Kneelers and the Freefolk. Ygritte is free to choose what men she will, and should that man want her he has to steal her, Jon has just committed the first "right" thing to claiming Ygritte without ever knowing it at all, the game is afoot. He stole her, but didn't "take" her; she is taunting him for only doing the job half way, while working to convince him that he should finish the job. I think this show is pointing out she does like Jon, she sees in him something right away that makes her say that Mance would take him in, and the first thing she has to do to get him is get him away from NW.
In our society it happens all the time that grown men are lead around by women just as Ygritte was leading him around, teasing and taunting, subtly offering, Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve known women that talk just like that when they want to antagonize a male. I have watched grown men spend weeks chasing women who offered far less wanton invitations. I think his naAvetA© is shown about what he was giving up joining the NW at such a young age, you think this make Jon look weak? I think it make him look like a male. I've heard it said, all men are dumb and all women are crazy.
1129	Blangadanger	2012-05-17	That's because at this stage in his development, he is weak. He is not incomptent as some seemed convinced of but is rather ignorant. Hence the line "You know nothing Jon Snow." He knows nothing but Winterfell and really is out of his element north of the Wall. He knows little about life in general other than what Ned has taught him and is naive. Just like Sansa is naive. Both have romantic notions of what life is like. For Sansa, it's the glamour and allure of court life and for Jon, being a man of the Night's Watch is a noble thing. Both have found out rather quickly that is not true and both are fumbling for how best to survive.Well said!I also read Jon Snow as a very naive boy who doesn't seem to understand how the world around him works. I actually didn't like his story much at all during the second book, just as I didn't like Sansa's. But in the third book, they start to figure out their places in the world, and I liked their characters more and more as they became more confident in their surroundings. Some people say they didn't like Ygritte in the books, but I thought she was instrumental in helping Jon realize his own identity. I think the tv adaptation has been very good so far for Jon. They will still have Qhorin's sacrifice, because otherwise they wouldn't have casted his character.
1130	congokong	2012-05-17	A good half the conversation was discussion of freedom, the Wildling culture, etc. and not anything to do with sex at all. Do you just blank that out?I'm talking about the story Ygritte told about the old lord of Winterfell's daughter which was actually a foreshadowing to Bran in the crypts for the clever reader. In the show Ygritte whined about whose land it was first, but there was no Westeros "culture" in it; just bickering. I don't recall that in the books.
1131	TeamDanyArya	2012-05-17	Well said! I also read Jon Snow as a very naive boy who doesn't seem to understand how the world around him works. I actually didn't like his story much at all during the second book, just as I didn't like Sansa's. But in the third book, they start to figure out their places in the world, and I liked their characters more and more as they became more confident in their surroundings. Some people say they didn't like Ygritte in the books, but I thought she was instrumental in helping Jon realize his own identity. I think the tv adaptation has been very good so far for Jon. They will still have Qhorin's sacrifice, because otherwise they wouldn't have casted his character.Very true. When I read the books, I was on the fence about Jon until Qhorin told him to join the Wildings. He became a lot more interesting in the books thereafter because he actually started learning about life and shaking some of the romantic notions he had been brought up with. He started growing up just like Sansa slowly starts to grow up. And yes, his relationship with Ygritte was instrumental in that to a degree. It was nice seeing him just kind of happy if that makes sense because Jon can come off as rather surly and grumpy and way too serious. Ygritte is a good foil for that. And show Ygritte is awesome.
1132	keelhaul	2012-05-18	I have to say I really liked the scenes between Jon and Ygritte.
First because it gave a good characterisation of what Jon is at this point. He is an adolescent boy who just simply doesn't know anything about how the world works, and he doesn't know that he doesn't know (typical adolescent attitude). He doesn't come through as someone incompetent (that was quite obvious from season 1), he does come through as someone extremely inexperienced (that is what he is at this point). The TV Jon is a likeable character. It's pretty obvious that he is a very nice guy, he is talented and good-natured. (He also has a solid foundation to build upon.) It's also pretty obvious that he is very insecure just like an adolescent boy should be, and that's it. There is a ton of potential in Jon (event at the end of ADwD) and it will be a pretty easy job to develop his character. I'd say everything is set up for Jon to develop.
Second I loved how Ygritte pounded on Jon's insecurities. It was pretty obvious that Ygritte really sees something in Jon and it's also obvious that she keeps her options open by taunting him. Yes it wasn't high-brow, but hell, she is a wildling, why should she be? Jon's insecurity is so obvious that you don't need to be subtle to confuse him.
Third, the TV viewers learnt a lot from their debates (although it seems that even most wildlings do not know what the Wall is for, which is very strange).
Fourth, Rose Leslie is just absolutely amazing. She transformed Ygritte for me, I found Ygritte a bit brutish for my liking in the books. The TV Ygritte is so much more witty ("I didn't want to want it") and fiery in a non-grotesque way.
1133	Manhole Eunuchsbane	2012-05-18	http://i192.photobuc...SnowPeanuts.jpghttp://i192.photobuc...KnowNothing.jpg /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
1134	Jerritus	2012-05-18	As long as Jon turns his cloak on the last order of Qhorin Halfhand, I will be completely fine with the changes to the beggining of Jon's story with Ygritte. It will be hard being fine with Jon nonsensically chasing Ygritte, after deciding not to kill her, but I will do it. However, it's going to take some time getting over them making Jon look absolutely incompetent. In. Every. Single. Bloody. Episode. This. I am absolutely petrified at the thought of Jon turning cloak without Qhorin's order. So much so, that I am struggling to try and enjoy the Jon scenes, and mostly failing at that.If he does, however, turn the cloak on Qhorin's order, then all past is forgiven and I can enjoy the scenes on a re-watch.EDIT: And I just wanted to add, I don't really care how closely the series follows the books, but this is something that I just feel really strongly about. But, I will watch the series nonetheless, so HBO wins anyway.
					
					
							Edited by Ananta, 18 May 2012 - 02:27 PM.
1135	Ruka	2012-05-18	http://i192.photobuc...SnowPeanuts.jpg  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />ROFLMAO  perfect example of other fictional male that lets the woman take the piss out of him all the time.  Kudos to you or whom ever made it.
1136	Manhole Eunuchsbane	2012-05-18	ROFLMAO  perfect example of other fictional male that lets the woman take the piss out of him all the time.  Kudos to you or whom ever made it. It's not mine, but yeah, Lucy Van Pelt is pretty much a universal ball buster. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
1137	SerMixalot	2012-05-18	Charlie Brown always was in love with a "red haired girl"
1138	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2012-05-18	As someone who admittedly skipped a lot of Jon chapters in the first few books I love the interaction between Jon and the red head on the show. She's fucking hilarious. That little imaginary speech she gave about her and Jon having sex was just too funny. 
And Kit Harington does a great job of showing how uncomfortable he is by the fact that she's turning him on haha. 
"I SWEARS LORD MASTER CROW. WE WAS ONLY TOGETHER FOR WARMTH...AND THEN I FELT IT"  - LMAO
Between her and Arya/Tywin that was the only reason I enjoyed the last episode.
1139	Fengari	2012-05-20	I really like how in the book, Qhorin and Jon don't get caught because of incompetence. They did everything they could do to get away from Rattleshirt and his party, it just was not enough.To be honest, in the books, that says nothing about Jon's competence. Its Qhorin and the experienced rangers that get them that far, Jon is just tagging along. The only thing Jon has going for him in that sequence in the book is his warging into Ghost. They obviously chose to cut that, which I can understand, because in the books so far, that was a one time thing, and only served to show us something we will be seeing anyway when Jon joins Mance's army. It looks like the show has cut all the Stark kids' warging except for the one where it will actually play a part in the plotlines.I think this is showing Jon out of his element. Jon has been raised as a fighter/lord/tactician Not as a ranger/guard. I think all of the "damage" jons character is taking now will quickly be erased when we see him fight QH, Defend the wall against the raider attack, and then ultimately when we see him defend the wall against the wildling army. Jon was raised to be a leader among men, The old bear saw that, thats why he didnt make him a ranger, and was trying to groom him for command..That's because at this stage in his development, he is weak. He is not incomptent as some seemed convinced of but is rather ignorant. Hence the line "You know nothing Jon Snow." He knows nothing but Winterfell and really is out of his element north of the Wall. He knows little about life in general other than what Ned has taught him and is naive.Both quotes make a good analysis, I feel, and I want to add this: the scenes with Ygritte are used to show how honourbound Jon is. In the books we get the whole Ygritte trying to seduce him after he has 'turned his cloak', and we know he doesn't go for it immediately because he's still trying to remain true to his vows through his thoughts. Even when he finally gives in, he's conflicted about it. They can't give us his thoughts to tell us why he doesn't sleep with her first chance he gets, and he can hardly tell Ygritte he doesn't want to betray his vow to the NW after he has 'turned his cloak', so they had to move that part up in order to be able to show us that his vows mean more to him that a piece of 'kissed by fire' tail. I'm guessing his romance with Ygritte will take of much sooner after he joins the wildlings in the series.The dialogue about free life north of the wall, and his face suggesting that it does sound appealing to him add to this. What is stopping him from giving in to Ygritte and having the free life she suggests he can have, is the fact that he has taken a vow...
					
					
							Edited by Fengari, 20 May 2012 - 05:45 AM.
1140	Batman	2012-06-07	Yeah, I don't want or need them to change her death in the series to it being Jon's arrow that did it. Keep that as is. And I don't think they are drastically changing their relationship dynamic too much at this point. She's kind of bratty in the books (which I loved) and made no secret that she liked him so her dialogue isn't that much of a stretch for me. I can see how a free wilding woman would question the institution of the Night's Watch and some of their vows. It's pretty sad that someone as young as Jon choose to confine himself is such a way and choose not to love a woman in his life. And for what? To protect the realm from things North of the Wall that may or may not be as evil as everyone has been led to believe.For honor, it may not be rational or reasoned but its what makes him more like Ned than any of his trueborn children.
1141	Sandor's Hound	2012-07-25	The actress is too pretty to die.
1142	Volantis	2012-10-19	Isn't that the wholepoint, that Ygitte's powerful and wild femaleness turns Jon into a floundering little boy?Jon wasn't so incompetent in the books
1143	Gendels Children	2013-04-14	I liked Ygritte in the books, and I really like her in the show. They have made her very funny, I especially liked when she threatened to tell Qhorin that Jon had sex with her, the words she used were fantastic. However, I am a little confused by her actions. When she kept trying to get with Jon, I thought she really wanted to do him, but later it seemed like she was just doing all that to trick Jon into a false sense of security, that way she could walk him into a trap. So was it all an act, or did she really want to bump-uglies with Jon? Or was it a bit of both? I think it was a mixture of both wanting him, and trying to trick him. notice the point she comes on her strongest to try and get Jon to sleep with her, happens just as they are making their way into the trap.. I think she was thinking "this is my last chance before they capture him" or something like that
1144	Gendels Children	2013-04-14	Yeah, Jon this season is so dumb and everyone owns him that it's too much even for me (and I've never liked him in the books, bashing him has been one of my favourite activities on this board). Really don't see how they'll sell to the viewers him being chosen for Lord Commander when they spent a whole season making him look completely incompetent and the butt of all jokes in his plotline.ive been worrying over thing myself, its going to make the whole LC thing seem to come from nowhere, I mean I like the show, and I think Kit is a cutie, though for Jon I always imagined shorter hair, but they write Jon like he is an idiot and it hurt the nerd inside me
1145	strifed169	2012-05-14	I honestly didn't like the scene were he murdered his own cousin, I thought it was out of character for him because I got the impression he held himself at high standard in terms of loyalty to his/the family. And whats this going to do for his character later on in the series? Word will surely be spread from the North and in AFFC he is travelling Westeros and crosses paths with alot of his relatives, how are they going to see him now that hes slain his own blood and isn't it just as bad if not worse than being a kingslayer?..
1146	victim	2012-05-14	I agree completely. Especially as it could have been easily avoided by making them even further distant relatives by naming him Cleos Frey! I'd have no qualms with Jaime killing a Frey attached by marriage or something.
1147	Eddard Sand	2012-05-14	So far the Kinslaying taboo hasn't been introduced in the show so i'm guessing it is not going to be a big deal for him. He is a member of THE FAMILY thus the offshoot Alton has done him good service.
1148	Cardinal Sin	2012-05-14	I also agree this was a bit unnecessary. Jaime could have just told his cousin to play dead. Or he could have beaten him up without actually killing him. Both would have done the trick.
1149	Laohu	2012-05-14	He has managed to live down the notoriety of being a kingslayer, so I do not think tacking on kinslaying to his list of achievements is going to affect him much.
1150	Stanmore	2012-05-14	Well there is  that part in ADWD where Selmy talks about how much Aerys was in love with Tywin's wife, there's a slim chance Jaime was a kinslayer all along....
1151	Eggplant Wizard	2012-05-14	yeah i dont think it was necessary either. it was still a great scene and i still enjoyed it, but i think jaime has been a bit gimped. i know it wasn't really avoidable but they should show his fighting prowess more often to make it more impactful when he loses his hand
1152	jarl the climber	2012-05-14	This fellow was a very distant relative, I don't think kinslaying applies to 4th cousins or whatever he was supposed to be but what do I know?
1153	tfoxx22	2012-05-14	Maybe this scene was to help show how ruthless and  egoistic he is now, so that after he loses his hand it looks like a more dramatic turn around for him. Just a thought, but since we won't get to be inside his head and see how he changes after losing his hand, they might contrast this event with him saving someone's life or something in the show.
1154	dtones520	2012-05-14	I think, personally, kinslaying refers to your immediate family.
1155	teemo	2012-05-15	What I didn't understand, is why didn't Jaime just tell him to play dead?  Or...anything else?  Why all the drama and theatrics and murder?  I guess to make it more interesting for television, but that seemed a little ridiculous.
1156	Greymane	2012-05-15	When Karstark gets beheaded by Robb, he says Robb would now be a kinslayer, since Starks and Karstarks share the same blood. So i guess the kinslayer taboo do apply for distant relatives
					
					
							Edited by Greymane, 15 May 2012 - 12:08 AM.
1157	Jolene Brown	2012-05-15	Karstark isn't the most rational guy though, especially not then.
1158	Zod	2012-05-15	WAIT, KINslayer OR KINGslayer? Now he is both...
Anyways, remember, Jaime has killed the innocent or tried to kill defenseless people to save his hide before.
1159	Xander Baratheon	2012-05-15	I think what frustrated me the most about this killing was that it ended up being frivolous and even before Jaime was recaptured it didn't hold much hope of being a successful plan. I get the other ignoble acts: Throw Bran out the window and he can't tell anyone about Jaime and Cersei, kill Aerys and his pet alchemists and no one will set the city on fire. This episode was more like kill my cousin and... everything else SHOULD fall into place after. So many other ways he could have done it.
1160	Greywolf2375	2012-05-15	What I didn't understand, is why didn't Jaime just tell him to play dead?  Or...anything else?  Why all the drama and theatrics and murder?  I guess to make it more interesting for television, but that seemed a little ridiculous.What would have made it more interesting to me is to have him try to escape with Alton and somehow have Alton killed in that exchange if they wanted/needed to get rid of the character - dying to help his hero escape.
1161	Independent George	2012-05-15	I don't like nitpicking every minor deviation from the books, but as I mentioned in the other thread, this is completely at odds with Jaime's character. For all the horrible things he's done, none of them were truly self-interested. Even Bran's fall was done for Cersei's benefit rather than his own. And to do it right after he is reminded what it feels like to be admired, when the whole world was still open to him...
This doesn't make his change more surprising, it makes it more unbelievable. The self loathing and longing for respect has to always be inside him - it can't just come from nowhere. Killing a boy who idolizes him for his own benefit breaks that.
1162	Frumpus	2012-05-15	I think what frustrated me the most about this killing was that it ended up being frivolous and even before Jaime was recaptured it didn't hold much hope of being a successful plan. I get the other ignoble acts: Throw Bran out the window and he can't tell anyone about Jaime and Cersei, kill Aerys and his pet alchemists and no one will set the city on fire. This episode was more like kill my cousin and... everything else SHOULD fall into place after. So many other ways he could have done it.He never thought he was getting out of there alive. His dialogue pretty much inferred he preferred a suicide escape attempt to staying locked up.
1163	imladolen	2012-05-15	I found Jaime's killing of Alton to be completely in character; yes it was cold blooded (and coldly logical), and yes it makes him a kinslayer. But you have to look at the bigger picture.First, as we all know, it is the first duty of any prisoner (especially a POW during a war) to escape (aside from those knights and nobles given their parole and swear to not escape, but those people aren't going to be penned in squalor, but in conditions befitting their rank). This supercedes just about everything, especially when you consider that the prisoner is one of the army's commanders, the brother of the queen mum, a member of the Kingsgaurd and the uncle (well, father really) of the King. Jaime Lannister is much much more important than little old Alton Lannister. Even Alton kind of referenced this when he mentions how his father feared Alton would "embarass the family in front of The Family." The welfare, safety and freedom of the children of Lord Lannister supercedes all other minor family members (at least in this sort of feudal setting). Not to mention the fact that Jaime is one of the greatest warriors on his side of the war. His value is worth sacrificing the life of a distant relative. And Alton was completely sincere when he said he would do anything to help Jaime escape. Sorry, but if you are an enlisted man or lower ranked officer and you are imprisoned with one of your army's most important officers, and your death will help your commander to escape, it really is your duty to die in this situation.I'm not saying Jaime enjoyed killing Alton, I think it did pain him inside, just as it pained him to push Bran out that window, just as it pained him to violate his oath when he killed Mad King Aerys. But, as he explained to Cat, you have to weigh one oath against another, weigh one wrong against another. Allowing Aerys II to live and most likely burn all of King's Landing to the ground (and killing thousands of the weak and innocent he had sworn to protect) was a worse violation than killing the king. The wrong of pushing Bran out the window paled when you compare it to the death sentence that would be meeted out to him, his sister Cersei and the three children they had together if Bran had told anyone what he had witnessed. What is the life of one child you are not even related to (and don't even really know) when you compare it to the life of the woman you love and your OWN three children? The wrong of killing a distant member of the Lannister family paled in comparison to the wrongs that could be done to his family and kingdom as a whole (from his POV) if he remained a prisoner. Yes, he might have an inflated sense of importance as to his role in winning the war, but remember, despite being almost universally called the Kingslayer, he is still regarded throughout Westeros as one of the greatest warriors alive. His skills in combat, and likely in command, would be invaluable to maintaining his house's prominance, and maintaining Joffrey on the throne. If his family lost the war, what the hell do you think would happen to Joffrey, Myrcella, Tommen and Cersei? They would all be killed, as would most likely his brother and father. I'm sorry, I am a (mostly) non-violent person (and I don't think I could sleep well for years if I ever took a life, even accidentally), but if I had three children by a woman, and all four of their lives (as well as mine) could be saved by me killing someone else's 10 year old son, I'd do it in a heartbeat, and I think most parents on here would do the same. Yes, it would be an emotionally painful thing, something I would hate doing, but it boils down to the life of my children and their mother, or that boys life. Unless something is serioulsy wired WRONG inside you, your children's wellbeing should override just about everything else.Jaime simply HAD TO ESCAPE. He had no other option. And he had already thought through every possible way of escaping, and he saw none, unless he could somehow lure his guard inside the stockade. And there was no reasonable way to lure the guard in without doing something completley shocking and baffling, something the guard wouldn't really be able to believe until he saw it up close.And that is exactly what the killing of Alton did. The Karstark boy heard something going on, couldn't really see what it was, but probably thought it looked like exactly what it was: Jaime beating his own cousin. "But that couldn't be," the guard must have thought, "that would just be impossible." So the guard came in (foolishly, yes) by himself to investigate what the hell really happened, distracting himself from Jaime to pay attention to this shuddering body laying on the ground, giving Jaime the opening to act, and to escape.One of the ongoing themes in the books for Jaime Lannister (as I see it) is that to do the right thing, sometimes you have to do the wrong thing. That old "the ends justify the means" and "the good of the many outweighs the good of the few" dilemnas. In Jaime's case, it was escaping justifies killing a distant cousin, no matter how much you sympathize with and understand his hero worship of you, and the good of the kingdom and the Lannister family outweighed the good of one minor member of the Lannister family. To Jaime's point of view, keeping Joffrey on the throne means the Lannisters are in charge of the kingdom, and to him, that is a good thing (remember, at this point, Jaime hasn't really seen how nasty Joffrey has become, yes he knows the boy was foolish and had Ned Stark executed, but he hasn't seen Joffrey's complete decent into Aerys II-like madness yet.Jaime truly loves his sister at this point still, and loves his (secret) children by her, and loves his brother Tyrion, as well as his father (though I would say he is a bit intimidated by Tywin as well). Yes, it might be arrogant of him to believe that his escape would ensure their side winning the war (hell, the books kind of back him up on this as he pretty much brings an end to the War of Five Kings himself later on, which brings the suffering of even the smallfolk to an end, at least for now). But when you are a man like Jaime, you have every reason to believe you really will make a difference in the war.If you are warrior, and thus someone already willing to kill and possible die for your sides cause, then yes, you will kill whom you have to to ensure your side wins.What Jaime did, no matter how repulsive it may be to us, was done out of loyalty and love, a sacrifice that was necessary for his King and family.Next thing I know, y'all are gonna damn Jaime for killing Aerys II Targaryen, the Mad King. It was the right thing to do (as Obi Wan Kenobi said â<U+0080><U+009C>from a certain point of view," yet it was the wrong thing to do from a different point of view.It's all shades of grey folks, and all depends on your point of viewJaime simply did what he had to do, whether he liked what he was doing or not. He was practical and he was logical. And it worked (at least for a while).
1164	ipsuel	2012-05-15	woops totally forgot...HUGE CON: The Quaithe tattoing party... Seriously? Uh... this character (for me) was taken from mysterious/possibly shady to ridiculous and comical in that scene... seemed so forced: Hey audience... look at this woman wearing a mask and creating cool tattoos--ohhhh that means she is mysterious... it was (imo) just BAD
					
					
							Edited by ipsuel, 15 May 2012 - 04:10 PM.
1165	ipsuel	2012-05-15	lord...tried to edit the above post 4x... not working...  trying to post a follow-up... not working...Anyhoo, if this goes thru its just to saywrong thread guys, sorry!
1166	mcb	2012-05-15	WAIT, KINslayer OR KINGslayer? Now he is both...Wasn't the scene written just as a courtesy towards the viewers with less than perfect diction, then?
					
					
							Edited by mcb, 15 May 2012 - 05:34 PM.
1167	Xander Baratheon	2012-05-18	He never thought he was getting out of there alive. His dialogue pretty much inferred he preferred a suicide escape attempt to staying locked up.Even more to my point then. Dead Bran = no one tells anyone about Jaime and Cersei, Dead Aerys and alchemists = city does not burn, Dead Alton = now we wait and hope the guard opens the gate alone and investigates the body, then I kill him, then i make a run for it, then maybe I get cut down.Alton's death didn't guarantee any result and was certainly not the only option Jaime had at the time.
1168	Volantis	2013-01-27	This fellow was a very distant relative, I don't think kinslaying applies to 4th cousins or whatever he was supposed to be but what do I know?"Alton Lannister"It doesn't matter whether he's a first cousin or a fifth cousin, he had the name Lannister.
1169	Katydid	2012-05-13	I'm trying, really I am.  I'm trying hard to reconcile the liberties they're taking in this series, and go with the flow with the changes/additions/subtractions.  For the most part, I've done alright (save for anytime we see Ros on screen.)But Jaime is now a kinslayer.  Pointlessly, needlessly, it added nothing to the story that I can see.  Cleos was a goner anyway.  So what was wrong with the way GRRM wrote his death?Fail.
1170	Anvilbreaker	2012-05-14	taking far to many liberties this season, and they are not capturing the grey areas of most of the characters
1171	Stannis Iron Baratheon	2012-05-15	I think they are doing this to enhance his redemption in the later seasons. They need to enphisize the peoples trates like changing joffery from being an cruel idiot to being a monster and then also making more unlikable.
1172	dtones520	2012-05-15	I think they are doing this to enhance his redemption in the later seasons. They need to enphisize the peoples trates like changing joffery from being an cruel idiot to being a monster and then also making more unlikable.Exactly. We have thousands of pages to build up these characters personalities over. The show creators have 10 hours for like 15-25 characters. They have to overdo some traits to get the point across to people who don't read the book.
1173	Winterfell is Burning	2012-05-15	He's not Cletos, he's a distant cousin.
1174	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-05-15	1) It gave Jaime something dramatic to do and reintroduces him to the the viewers in a fantastic way. The audience hasn't seen him in many episodes.
2) The scene was well written and acted. Both actors were great and I didn't see it coming until Alton kept creeping closer to Jaime. 
3) It only serves to enhance Jaime's upcoming redemption arc in Seasons 3 and 4. 
4) It adds more sense of immediacy to the Karstark subplot. Now the audience understands who Rickard Karstark is and why he is so adamant on having Jaime dead.
1175	Eddard Sand	2012-05-15	I for one really enjoyed the discontent that was portrayed amongst the northmen. You really get the feeling that something could go down at any minute. The pressure on Cat to do something drastic to protect Jaime and thus her daughters is palpable making her decision to Free Jaimie believable. Once again another example of how visual media can flesh out some of the less believable parts of the book. Her decision enraged me in the books but is more acceptable this way.
1176	Castel	2012-05-15	taking far to many liberties this season, and they are not capturing the grey areas of most of the charactersHonestly this, far too many grey areas are being written out, Cat letting go of the kingslayer with direct word from Tyrion (although that's a subtle one), Ygritte escaping instead of Jon just being an idiot, and now this. I don't even see the point of this, what did Jaime achieve I mean, it seemed to be done purely to make him more evil.And honestly, I'm not sure I buy a redemption arc. They should be making the Lannisters more likeable, to make sure they don't take a massive hit after...certain events, instead Cersei is neutered and Jaime kills someone for the heck of it. You can only push the audience so far, once they hate these people too much to want to watch them trying to switch it about will seem like a bait and switch. Especially since of all the evil shit the Lannisters have done, this was just silly and purely to make the character seem evil/dangerous. I go with evil because a better way of showing him being dangerous would be to show him kicking ass while still chained.That said, the scene was wonderfully acted. I love the mention of different branches of the Lannister family, and how The family was held in such esteem, Alton was painfully earnest, and so was Jaime, I loved it.
					
					
							Edited by Castel, 15 May 2012 - 01:19 AM.
1177	Terminated	2012-05-15	Seconds before killing his cousin, my wife (book reader too) told me: they are making him look nice too early, he should still be an asshole until his hand gets cut.  The murder cleared that doubt quickly.  Good,
1178	Jayaris	2012-05-15	Honestly this, far too many grey areas are being written out, Cat letting go of the kingslayer with direct word from Tyrion (although that's a subtle one), Ygritte escaping instead of Jon just being an idiot, and now this. I don't even see the point of this, what did Jaime achieve I mean, it seemed to be done purely to make him more evil.It was the most effective, no strings attached escape strategy - Leaving him alive has other complications/decisions to be made that he obviously didn't want to risk.I didn't understood why he paused after saying he would kill him though, was waiting for him to say he was just kidding.
1179	WinterWarrior	2012-05-15	I didn't like this scene at all because Alton (who I believe is supposed to be Cleos Frey) is such a likeable young man. I always envisioned Cleos Frey as an old stuffy thing because that is the way Roy Dotrice reads him in the audiobooks. So after than when I read the books that is still how I saw him. Alton is young and honest. I had a hard time watching this scene when I watched the espisode a second time and switched channels until I knew it was over.
But I get that they have to establish Jamie early on as an a**hole and then show his transformation. The question is who will take his hand?
1180	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-15	Upcoming third-season scene with Vargo Hoat: â<U+0080><U+009C>Y U kill Jon-Boy Alton, Kingthlayer??? U 2 manly 4 me, tho I fink I kyure U 4 good:  time 4 U get thpethal mannikyure!â<U+0080><U+009D>
1181	Brienne the Beauty	2012-05-15	It was pretty awesome. It'll also make viewers doubt his redemption since it is clear he can turn on the charm any time he likes, and we can't see into his head like in the books.
1182	never trust a bard	2012-05-15	I'm on the fence.  I just don't see how they can make viewers enjoy his story like the readers have learned to.  Jaime will never say outloud the things we got to read in his head.  This act was just so cruel too it just makes him seem like a physociopath.  I guess I didn't like it.  I loved that the people in the room with him always got "piece of shit" Jaime, but the readers got the more complex story.  I guess that's tough to do on screen in the shorter timeline.
1183	Mulled Wino	2012-05-15	I loved it, personally, I don't care that much for his redemption being part of the TV Series.  Why pick Jamie out of all the different characters to show ooogles of self contemplation and backstory for when there is so much going on and so little time?
I prefer him as a cold-blooded, ruthless guy who people fear.  There's plenty enough EMO going on on the TV Series with the way they are portraying Cersei and Jon Snow so far.
1184	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	Killing Cleo (sic) is a Tony Soprano like moment of sociopathic tendancies, Irredeemable, though HBO will try.  We will have to foget that JL is a kinslayer without conscience.  We will be asked to believe it and many will.
such is life
1185	way2gimpy	2012-05-15	So he is Alton Lannister, a distant cousin - but Jaime kept talking about Alton's mother as a Lannister so he wouldn't be Lannister unless Alton's father was one too... so that would make him a double Lannister cousin?
I don't think there has been any mention of kinslaying being any more egregious than a normal "killing," as of yet but they could still bring it up.  I know the conversation between Renly and Stannis was there but there was no specific mention about kinslaying.
1186	Brienne the Beauty	2012-05-15	Killing Cleo (sic) is a Tony Soprano like moment of sociopathic tendancies, Irredeemable, though HBO will try.  We will have to foget that JL is a kinslayer without conscience.  We will be asked to believe it and many will.Jaime was already irredeemable after what he did to Bran. That's why his redemption is interesting.
1187	Mulled Wino	2012-05-15	Jaime was already irredeemable after what he did to Bran. That's why his redemption is interesting.it seems to be common opinion that killing children is understandable if its done to protect one's sex life
1188	never trust a bard	2012-05-15	I loved it, personally, I don't care that much for his redemption being part of the TV Series.  Why pick Jamie out of all the different characters to show ooogles of self contemplation and backstory for when there is so much going on and so little time?I prefer him as a cold-blooded, ruthless guy who people fear.  There's plenty enough EMO going on on the TV Series with the way they are portraying Cersei and Jon Snow so far.Awesome point. it seems to be common opinion that killing children is understandable if its done to protect one's sex lifehahahahahaha!!!
1189	Jolene Brown	2012-05-15	I think people feel that he was trying to protect his own children's lives - that if people found out about the incest, they would have been executed.  Whether that's true or not is another question.
1190	Pliskin	2012-05-15	it seems to be common opinion that killing children is understandable if its done to protect one's sex lifeI guess it's sarcasm ?Because protecting two innocent children's heads, one not so innocent's head too, your love of your life's head, and yours too (if not trying to prevent a war that could have bled all the Westerlands if not the whole Westeros)... isn't exactly just about sex life.
1191	Mulled Wino	2012-05-15	I think people feel that he was trying to protect his own children's lives - that if people found out about the incest, they would have been executed.  Whether that's true or not is another question.then they would be feeling wrong.  he couldn't care less about his children, in the books at least.
1192	Mulled Wino	2012-05-15	I guess it's sarcasm ?Because protecting two innocent children's heads, one not so innocent's head too, your love of your life's head, and yours too (if not trying to prevent a war that could have bled all the Westerlands if not the whole Westeros)... isn't exactly just about sex life.not sarcasm at all actually.where do you get protecting his kids?  where do you get trying to prevent a war?  was he trying to prevent a war when he killed ned's guards in kings landing? lol, he's protecting the twin sister that he's fucking's head.  that's it.  that's the only argument for it, and its a lot more amoral than killing another prisoner to escape captivity.
1193	Ser Piggy Of The Baby Back Rib	2012-05-15	As I mentioned in another post on the Episode review, I would have prefered that they save those 4 minutes and use it to have Jamie provide the backstory of how he became the Kingslayer and how Lord Rickard and Brandon Stark died.  That whole scene in the books he's being a total dick to Catelyn.  With them rushing to get so much in, I would have loved for people who haven't read the books get some more valuable history.  It helps people understand better what's going on and why.
1194	Menos Grande	2012-05-15	I think it was a improvement... the parts that don't add up for me are Bran's , Dany's, Jon's stories...
By the changes they made,  Bran will have to go to the wall alone if Hodor...  Dany is just too messed up, but I hope they fix it by the end... and Jon.. whithout Halfhands orders he will be an Oathbreaker.
1195	Pliskin	2012-05-15	not sarcasm at all actually.where do you get protecting his kids?  where do you get trying to prevent a war?  was he trying to prevent a war when he killed ned's guards in kings landing?He loved his brother."The things I do for love".lol, he's protecting the twin sister that he's fucking's head.  that's it.  that's the only argument for it, and its a lot more amoral than killing another prisoner to escape captivity.No, he didn't kill him to escape captivity. Killing him didn't help escape at all.That's why we complain that much about this scene. It's just a psychopath's kill, for no reason.You could argue that he pushed Bran trough the window to save Cersei alone (even if I disagree), but still, he did it because he loved her. Killing Alton was just plain fun.
1196	insertname	2012-05-15	It's already been established that Jon will get his orders(See episode 10 description). The reeds merely haven't been cast for season 2, they will meet up eventually. Dany's story has been an improvement, Quarth itself hasn't been that important so it doesn't matter if they deviate from the books and the current story is more interesting than what happens in the books imo.
As for Jaime...If killing Alton was the only way and there was a sensible chance at escaping, then I would be okay with this. However, it was obvious that he would get caught, and he could just have beaten Alton bloody instead of killing him.
Jaime doesn't blink an eye at killing, but he's neither really cruel nor stupid. Out of character, imo.
1197	imladolen	2012-05-15	I stand by what I wrote on another Jaime thread from this episode's forum.The scene did not erase any "gray areas" as people mention above, it only reinforces it.ETA: corrected spelling above, and also want to point out that the post below is what I posted on the other thread, so you can read it here without having to go over there :-)I found Jaime's killing of Alton to be completely in character; yes it was cold blooded (and coldly logical), and yes it makes him a kinslayer. But you have to look at the bigger picture.First, as we all know, it is the first duty of any prisoner (especially a POW during a war) to escape (aside from those knights and nobles given their parole and swear to not escape, but those people aren't going to be penned in squalor, but in conditions befitting their rank). This supercedes just about everything, especially when you consider that the prisoner is one of the army's commanders, the brother of the queen mum, a member of the Kingsgaurd and the uncle (well, father really) of the King. Jaime Lannister is much much more important than little old Alton Lannister. Even Alton kind of referenced this when he mentions how his father feared Alton would "embarass the family in front of The Family." The welfare, safety and freedom of the children of Lord Lannister supercedes all other minor family members (at least in this sort of feudal setting). Not to mention the fact that Jaime is one of the greatest warriors on his side of the war. His value is worth sacrificing the life of a distant relative. And Alton was completely sincere when he said he would do anything to help Jaime escape. Sorry, but if you are an enlisted man or lower ranked officer and you are imprisoned with one of your army's most important officers, and your death will help your commander to escape, it really is your duty to die in this situation.I'm not saying Jaime enjoyed killing Alton, I think it did pain him inside, just as it pained him to push Bran out that window, just as it pained him to violate his oath when he killed Mad King Aerys. But, as he explained to Cat, you have to weigh one oath against another, weigh one wrong against another. Allowing Aerys II to live and most likely burn all of King's Landing to the ground (and killing thousands of the weak and innocent he had sworn to protect) was a worse violation than killing the king. The wrong of pushing Bran out the window paled when you compare it to the death sentence that would be meeted out to him, his sister Cersei and the three children they had together if Bran had told anyone what he had witnessed. What is the life of one child you are not even related to (and don't even really know) when you compare it to the life of the woman you love and your OWN three children? The wrong of killing a distant member of the Lannister family paled in comparison to the wrongs that could be done to his family and kingdom as a whole (from his POV) if he remained a prisoner. Yes, he might have an inflated sense of importance as to his role in winning the war, but remember, despite being almost universally called the Kingslayer, he is still regarded throughout Westeros as one of the greatest warriors alive. His skills in combat, and likely in command, would be invaluable to maintaining his house's prominance, and maintaining Joffrey on the throne. If his family lost the war, what the hell do you think would happen to Joffrey, Myrcella, Tommen and Cersei? They would all be killed, as would most likely his brother and father. I'm sorry, I am a (mostly) non-violent person (and I don't think I could sleep well for years if I ever took a life, even accidentally), but if I had three children by a woman, and all four of their lives (as well as mine) could be saved by me killing someone else's 10 year old son, I'd do it in a heartbeat, and I think most parents on here would do the same. Yes, it would be an emotionally painful thing, something I would hate doing, but it boils down to the life of my children and their mother, or that boys life. Unless something is serioulsy wired WRONG inside you, your children's wellbeing should override just about everything else.Jaime simply HAD TO ESCAPE. He had no other option. And he had already thought through every possible way of escaping, and he saw none, unless he could somehow lure his guard inside the stockade. And there was no reasonable way to lure the guard in without doing something completley shocking and baffling, something the guard wouldn't really be able to believe until he saw it up close.And that is exactly what the killing of Alton did. The Karstark boy heard something going on, couldn't really see what it was, but probably thought it looked like exactly what it was: Jaime beating his own cousin. "But that couldn't be," the guard must have thought, "that would just be impossible." So the guard came in (foolishly, yes) by himself to investigate what the hell really happened, distracting himself from Jaime to pay attention to this shuddering body laying on the ground, giving Jaime the opening to act, and to escape.One of the ongoing themes in the books for Jaime Lannister (as I see it) is that to do the right thing, sometimes you have to do the wrong thing. That old "the ends justify the means" and "the good of the many outweighs the good of the few" dilemnas. In Jaime's case, it was escaping justifies killing a distant cousin, no matter how much you sympathize with and understand his hero worship of you, and the good of the kingdom and the Lannister family outweighed the good of one minor member of the Lannister family. To Jaime's point of view, keeping Joffrey on the throne means the Lannisters are in charge of the kingdom, and to him, that is a good thing (remember, at this point, Jaime hasn't really seen how nasty Joffrey has become, yes he knows the boy was foolish and had Ned Stark executed, but he hasn't seen Joffrey's complete decent into Aerys II-like madness yet.Jaime truly loves his sister at this point still, and loves his (secret) children by her, and loves his brother Tyrion, as well as his father (though I would say he is a bit intimidated by Tywin as well). Yes, it might be arrogant of him to believe that his escape would ensure their side winning the war (hell, the books kind of back him up on this as he pretty much brings an end to the War of Five Kings himself later on, which brings the suffering of even the smallfolk to an end, at least for now). But when you are a man like Jaime, you have every reason to believe you really will make a difference in the war.If you are warrior, and thus someone already willing to kill and possible die for your sides cause, then yes, you will kill whom you have to to ensure your side wins.What Jaime did, no matter how repulsive it may be to us, was done out of loyalty and love, a sacrifice that was necessary for his King and family.Next thing I know, y'all are gonna damn Jaime for killing Aerys II Targaryen, the Mad King. It was the right thing to do (as Obi Wan Kenobi said â<U+0080><U+009C>from a certain point of view," yet it was the wrong thing to do from a different point of view.It's all shades of grey folks, and all depends on your point of viewJaime simply did what he had to do, whether he liked what he was doing or not. He was practical and he was logical. And it worked (at least for a while).
					
					
							Edited by imlad, 15 May 2012 - 01:54 PM.
1198	gogorath	2012-05-15	The irony of this whole discussion is that the vast majority of non-book readers I talk to love Jaime -- he's a sort of Han Solo meets Tony Soprano.  They don't mind the awful things he does because he's good-looking, witty and honest about his intentions. 
If anything, D&D aren't portraying him as awful enough.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  That's one of the risks of losing the POV structure.
1199	Mulled Wino	2012-05-15	He loved his brother."The things I do for love".huh?No, he didn't kill him to escape captivity.yes he did, well if we believe what he said. Killing him didn't help escape at all.yes it did, he escaped, he was caught later, but he still escaped. That's why we complain that much about this scene. It's just a psychopath's kill, for no reason.You could argue that he pushed Bran trough the window to save Cersei alone (even if I disagree),well, I base my opinion on jamie's actual opinions in his pov's in the book that he clearly, explicitly states.  what is your opinion based onKilling Alton was just plain fun.not surprising, he's a complete sociopath, there is absolutely no question about it.  he pretty much kicked off the entire war and doesn't give a damn about it, or the fact that he shoved a 10 year old out of a window
1200	Patchface12	2012-05-15	The only defense I can think of for this is that the Jaime of the books might think about doing something like that, tho I don't know he'd go thru with it.
Its not entirely untrue to books, since Jaime didn't care even a little bit when Cleos was killed.
I'm assuming his role beyond will be filled by some random dead solider/knight outside of Maidenpool, since dying and providing Jaime a sword is all he was good for beyond this point.
					
					
							Edited by Patchface12, 15 May 2012 - 02:17 PM.
1201	Mulled Wino	2012-05-15	The irony of this whole discussion is that the vast majority of non-book readers I talk to love Jaime -- he's a sort of Han Solo meets Tony Soprano.  They don't mind the awful things he does because he's good-looking, witty and honest about his intentions.If anything, D&D aren't portraying him as awful enough.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  That's one of the risks of losing the POV structure.i like him in both.  we cant expect ever character to be fully developed in the GOT TV series, its just asking too much so just keep him a heartless badass.  i agree with the bold, jamie is a complete ahole until he gains some respect for brienne in the books and there's nothing he could do that I would put past him.
1202	Pliskin	2012-05-15	huh?yes he did, well if we believe what he said.yes it did, he escaped, he was caught later, but he still escaped.4I didn't say he didn't escape, I said it didn't help him escape.He could have punched him hard, and they would have fooled the guard both.And he would have an ally in the escape...he pretty much kicked off the entire war and doesn't give a damn about itNo, he thought the boy would die. Which would have prevented the war, not triggered it.I'm not defending him. Cersei herself thought Jaime was pretty stupid on this (and though it hurts me to admit it, I cannot really say she's wrong). But the fact is that he got his reasons. Even it was bad or stupid reasons.That just wasn't the case with Alton.
1203	Songlian	2012-05-15	1) It gave Jaime something dramatic to do and reintroduces him to the the viewers in a fantastic way. The audience hasn't seen him in many episodes.2) The scene was well written and acted. Both actors were great and I didn't see it coming until Alton kept creeping closer to Jaime.3) It only serves to enhance Jaime's upcoming redemption arc in Seasons 3 and 4.4) It adds more sense of immediacy to the Karstark subplot. Now the audience understands who Rickard Karstark is and why he is so adamant on having Jaime dead.I couldn't agree with you more, and well put! The scene, imo, was amazing.
1204	Rockroi	2012-05-15	As I mentioned in another post on the Episode review, I would have prefered that they save those 4 minutes and use it to have Jamie provide the backstory of how he became the Kingslayer and how Lord Rickard and Brandon Stark died.  That whole scene in the books he's being a total dick to Catelyn.  With them rushing to get so much in, I would have loved for people who haven't read the books get some more valuable history.  It helps people understand better what's going on and why.This seems to be an all to "spot on" analysis of the issue in Game of Thrones (the series).  The producers are racing to fit as much as possible into every episode that they are jettisoning a lot from the show that added so much in the books.I think the "Cat & Jaime" scene from this last episode was absolute evidence of this phenomenon.  They literally cannot wait another second to release Jaime when it makes the most sense in the story- when Cat is depressed over the loss of her two youngest boys and wants more than anything to ensure the safety of Sansa and maybe even Arya.  Instead, the show cannot wait one more moment.  They rush Jaime's release and up jump it ahead of Bran and Rickon's "Death."  This type of rush just makes us scratch our heads and wonder "Why not wait?"  To compound the problem, the show keeps adding in materials that has as all ... underwhelmed.  Roz, the baffling relationship between Sansa and Shae;  Jon Snow's almost schizophrenic behavior north of the wall ("I free you... NO WAIT! COME BACK!  You're my prisoner.  No wait, now I'm your prisoner); to the time-sink in Qarth as Dany gets involved in a power-battle nobody would ever care about and that is utterly extraneous.   Some of these are understandable (for Dany and Jon my guess is that they have agents and publicists who basically insist that their actor gets more time and the producers know that they need to keep these actors happy long term); other changes are just strange.Now, do not mistake me- ultimately the reasons for the vast majority of changes are clear: the story is huge.  The show needs to pin and chop story as much as possible and then take much from Book 3 and shove it, somehow, into season 2.  This is why, presumably, Jaime is freed in Episode 7 (as opposed to 10); so that the opening chapters of Storm of Swords can be explained in the closing episodes of Season 2.  This is necessary because SoS is a gigantic book and you have to find any space you can get.  To give you some idea about how HUGE SoS is, keep this in mind that a certain pair of colorful "Weddings" occur in those books and the "main events" of those two weddings happen on pages 583 and 684, respectively, of SoS (its almost incredible that there are over 100 pages BETWEEN those two events; in my head they are practically back-to-back chapters the way I remember the books).  Well, SoS, including the Epilogue, is 924 pages.  That means at the time of the first wedding I mentioned, the book is not even 2/3 complete; there is still over 1/3 of a book left to read!  That's how F**KING big SoS is.They need to cut as much space as humanly possible.I mean, did you notice that we have already had AT LEAST ONE scene from SoS in Season 2? ("Drogon, Dracarys".... well not that time, the first time she says it)  I mean, they have even front-loaded a conversation FROM BOOK 5 into the season ("M'lord... not 'my lord').  The show is trying to rearrange portions in order to fit all the pieces together as efficiently as possible.And that may be the problem.  Commerce and Art are, once again, proving a dicey marriage.
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 15 May 2012 - 03:46 PM.
1205	FantA´me	2012-05-15	I prefer him as a cold-blooded, ruthless guy who people fear.  There's plenty enough EMO going on on the TV Series with the way they are portraying Cersei and Jon Snow so far.That makes him way too one dimensional for me. I'm not very fond of Jaime, never forgave him for what he did to Bran and wasn't convinced by his redemption attempt but still found his chapters really interesting because there's more to him than just a ruthless scary dude. And we already have that too," a cold-blooded, ruthless guy who people fear" fits Tywin very well (book Tywin at least). Hence me not liking the murder of poor cousin.On the other hand , attempting to kill a child to protect his secret was unforgivable enough for me but apparently some people think he's still "too nice" to need a redemption so...maybe it was actually necessary.I guess it's sarcasm ?Because protecting two innocent children's heads, one not so innocent's head too, your love of your life's head, and yours too (if not trying to prevent a war that could have bled all the Westerlands if not the whole Westeros)... isn't exactly just about sex life.Where do you get that Jaime ever gave a damn about his children ? (not to mention a war that could have bled the Westerlands or the whole world for that matter, honestly!) We get quite the opposite impression from the book.I get people arguing about Jaime being great and filled with good intentions after Brienne and the loss of his hand but there's no justifying Bran's attempted murder.
1206	FantA´me	2012-05-15	Double post sorry
					
					
							Edited by FantA´me, 15 May 2012 - 03:50 PM.
1207	RoamingRonin	2012-05-15	He could have knocked out Alton and killed two Stark guards during his (failed) escape. Mayhaps they're getting rid of the kinslaying aspect.
1208	Pliskin	2012-05-15	Where do you get that Jaime ever gave a damn about his children ? (not to mention a war that could have bled the Westerlands or the whole world for that matter, honestly!) We get quite the opposite impression from the book.I get people arguing about Jaime being great and filled with good intentions after Brienne and the loss of his hand but there's no justifying Bran's attempted murder.He might not have thought of his children explicitly, but Jaime is (was) a man who acts on impulse. He thought "the world cannot know, there is too much at stake, so I kill the boy".And the truth is that there would have been war, Tywin Lannister wouldn't have just sit and watch his family being executed.
1209	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	I couldn't agree with you more, and well put! The scene, imo, was amazing.That's the thing, the scene was amazing, though I knew as soon as Cleo (sic) was sent to the pen he was going to die, too obvious.The problem it is that it goes against Jamie's character.  And that is of course the wonderful thing about reading and art, is the perceptions of the readers and viewers can be so different as to warrant such heated and lively debate.But it was, book Jamie was a complex character, TV Jamie is a cliche.  Of course, his redemption arc will occur in the show, some will buy it some will not.  Of course it is not an objective fact whether killing Cleo (sic) is out of character, but for me it is /ohmy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' />), the fact is that Jamie's redemption if you want to call it that began not when he had his hand cut off but when he lost in the Whispering Woods and was a prisoner, it started there (as evident by the fact that he didnt kill a vulnerable Brienne), is doubt sinking into Jamie undercutting his narcissm?  who knows, agains that is for hte reader to decideBut for me, Jamie killing Cleo (sic) is a game changer, I will not be able to believe the redemption that comes.If you accept that his redemption came from him losing his hand, why does that same self doubt and self examination not occur from losing (Badly) and becoming a captive, facing death?  They are both of the same ilk, proof positive that his worth (his fighting ability) is not perfect.
1210	Currawong	2012-05-15	As I mentioned in another post on the Episode review, I would have prefered that they save those 4 minutes and use it to have Jamie provide the backstory of how he became the Kingslayer and how Lord Rickard and Brandon Stark died.  That whole scene in the books he's being a total dick to Catelyn.  With them rushing to get so much in, I would have loved for people who haven't read the books get some more valuable history.  It helps people understand better what's going on and why.As I also replied on the general Ep 7 thread, you have obviously forgotten Series 1.   Jaime had that whole powerful scene with Ned Stark, where he told Ned about the deaths of Brandon and Rickard - who after all were Ned's family, not Cat's.   Surely viewers can remember that!  (And if they haven't seen Series 1, they can't complain about not getting information that was given to them then).There is absolutely no need to repeat the Brandon - Rickard information in a duplicate scene with Cat.   They weren't her family, so it's unecessary and would certainly be a waste of time.	 And if they follow the books and have Jaime tell the story to Brienne in Series 3 (the Harrenhal bath scene or whatever they choose to use), then we would get a triple information dump.Edited for spelling
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 15 May 2012 - 05:17 PM.
1211	House Snow	2012-05-15	Come on people, he killed the guy instead of punching him b/c it was better TV.  All the other stuff is  so secondary.  The way it went down was the coolest way to film it, and that matters more than splitting hairs about whether it was kinslaying or in character for Jaimie.  As the one poster said, Jaimie became more popular among non-readers after that scene in this episode.  Its only going to make his redemption more complicated.  Do I root for a guy who did this in his past-thats better than Jaimie becoming the good guy whose past acts are all justified.  I'd rather him have a couple things that aren't justified, makes it *gasp* grayer.
Also some of you guys are going to be in for a rude awakening when/if Winds comes out.  Jaimie is going back to the dark side.
					
					
							Edited by House Snow, 15 May 2012 - 05:29 PM.
1212	Brienne the Beauty	2012-05-15	Also some of you guys are going to be in for a rude awakening when/if Winds comes out.  Jaimie is going back to the dark side.How would you know? Are you secretly George RR Martin?
1213	Pliskin	2012-05-15	Come on people, he killed the guy instead of punching him b/c it was better TV.  All the other stuff is  so secondary.  The way it went down was the coolest way to film it, and that matters more than splitting hairs about whether it was kinslaying or in character for Jaimie.  As the one poster said, Jaimie became more popular among non-readers after that scene in this episode.  Its only going to make his redemption more complicated.  Do I root for a guy who did this in his past-thats better than Jaimie becoming the good guy whose past acts are all justified.  I'd rather him have a couple things that aren't justified, makes it *gasp* grayer.Oh okay.Let's go for "cool TV" even it's stupid and nonsense TV.We, TV viewers, are stupid after all... Let the smart intelligent things to readers... they're the only ones capable of understanding them.Euh... Wait, I thought it was HBO, not the CW... was I wrong ?
1214	House Snow	2012-05-15	Oh okay.Let's go for "cool TV" even it's stupid and nonsense TV.We, TV viewers, are stupid after all... Let the smart intelligent things to readers... they're the only ones capable of understanding them.Euh... Wait, I thought it was HBO, not the CW... was I wrong ?What are you talking it about?  It didn't dumb anything down.  If anything it made Jaimie more complex. And to Brienne I'm basing it on that After Jaimie and Cersei basically living there worse nightmares, the last we see of both in the book they are contemplating going back to the way they were.
1215	frametown	2012-05-15	If you can watch the "behind the episode" stuff on hbo.com, D&D talk about this scene.  They both said that he is a monster, and loves killing and fighting more than anything.   So clearly, this is in line with their view of Jaime.  Whether that view is in line with book Jaime, as of that point, is debatable, but I personally think it is.
1216	FantA´me	2012-05-15	He might not have thought of his children explicitly, but Jaime is (was) a man who acts on impulse. He thought "the world cannot know, there is too much at stake, so I kill the boy".And the truth is that there would have been war, Tywin Lannister wouldn't have just sit and watch his family being executed.Not denying the possible consequences coming from Tywin or whoever. Denying that Jaime actually even thought about it. I would take out the  "there's too much at stake " from your hypothetical Jaime thought . Unless The "too much" refers to Cersei who is most probably the only thing motivating him there.Granted it's not just sex but genuine love. That doesn't justify anything.
1217	Pliskin	2012-05-16	Well, if you grant me the "love" thing, I'm happy (though I firmly believe in the rest too, but anyway).
I'm not trying to justify it, I've never tried. All I say is that he had his reasons. And that it wasn't the case with killing Alton.
Again : "The things I do for love".
(sorry but I love this quote :/ )
1218	Mulled Wino	2012-05-16	I didn't say he didn't escape, I said it didn't help him escape.He could have punched him hard, and they would have fooled the guard both.And he would have an ally in the escape...No, he thought the boy would die. Which would have prevented the war, not triggered it.I'm not defending him. Cersei herself thought Jaime was pretty stupid on this (and though it hurts me to admit it, I cannot really say she's wrong). But the fact is that he got his reasons. Even it was bad or stupid reasons.That just wasn't the case with Alton.he kicked off the war by killing ned's household guard....ned had no choice but to fight at that point..........do you happen to remember how much jamie cared about cleos in the books?and as far as the first part, an ally isn't necessarily good in an escape.  a fake fight isn't some sort of emergency, or just punching someone.,  killing someone on the other hand would get the door opened.
1219	Mulled Wino	2012-05-16	I guess no evidence on your belief that he did it to save his kids huh?  You just feel that ay even though everything in the book points another direction.
1220	Librarian of Lannisport	2012-05-16	he kicked off the war by killing ned's household guard....ned had no choice but to fight at that point..........Ummmm, yes and no.  Cat did the equivalent of blowing up Ft. Sumner when she kidnapped Tyrion on heresay.  However, Jamie fighting with Ned in the streets of King's Landing and then pillaging the Riverlands really were the obvious acts of war. I guess no evidence on your belief that he did it to save his kids huh?  You just feel that ay even though everything in the book points another direction.At the beginning of A Feast for Crows, Jamie says something about how his kids were never anything more to him than a 'squirt in Cersie's cunt'.  He didn't start even considering himself a father until his own was dead.Personally, I don't see Jamie's 'redemption' as really 'redemption'.  He's still playing a role.  He takes fulfilling his role VERY seriously.  I think what we see as his redemption is nothing more than him trying to step into the shoes he's assigned by his sister as Lord Commander of the Kingsgaurd and also breaking free of his father.  Frankly, I believe he respected Ser Selmy more than he ever did Lord Tywin.
1221	Mulled Wino	2012-05-16	Ummmm, yes and no.  Cat did the equivalent of blowing up Ft. Sumner when she kidnapped Tyrion on heresay.  However, Jamie fighting with Ned in the streets of King's Landing and then pillaging the Riverlands really were the obvious acts of war.At the beginning of A Feast for Crows, Jamie says something about how his kids were never anything more to him than a 'squirt in Cersie's cunt'.  He didn't start even considering himself a father until his own was dead.Personally, I don't see Jamie's 'redemption' as really 'redemption'.  He's still playing a role.  He takes fulfilling his role VERY seriously.  I think what we see as his redemption is nothing more than him trying to step into the shoes he's assigned by his sister as Lord Commander of the Kingsgaurd and also breaking free of his father.  Frankly, I believe he respected Ser Selmy more than he ever did Lord Tywin.agreed on all points, it wasn't the only event that kicked off the war, but it was part of the chain of events and he had zero problem doing it, and would have done it again.  i believe he regretted not fighting ned later in the books.  hence, killing a distant cousin to escape imprisonment not being a far stretch at all for jamie lannister. and as far as the rest goes, that's what I've been arguing.  he nowhere near pushed bran out of the window to protect his kids.  it's a laughable argument to say he did. there's no redemption there, he merely learns to respect some other people because he can't just kill or fight them because he has no right hand.......and recognizes that cersei is a maniac.  i
1222	SerMixalot	2012-05-16	If you can watch the "behind the episode" stuff on hbo.com, D&D talk about this scene.  They both said that he is a monster, and loves killing and fighting more than anything.   So clearly, this is in line with their view of Jaime.  Whether that view is in line with book Jaime, as of that point, is debatable, but I personally think it is.The thing is that it WAS in accordance with Book Jamie, early in the story.  Jamie only viewed himself in terms of he being a warrior, he solved problems by cutting through them with a sword, no patience for debate.  He was a narcissist that only thought in terms of himself and his wants and needs.  IN this way his attempt to kill Bran is in line with his character, Bran posed a threat to him and cersei.Book Jamie begins to change when he loses the battle of the Whispering Wood, very subtly but he does change, Jamie himself is likely unaware of the change.  that military defeat demonstrated his limits as a perfect warrior vessel.  Jamie began to question himself at this point and he began his redemption arc (it is still to be seen whether his redemption is sucessful).  This is evident by his books willingness to die and his not attacking and killing a vulnerable Brienne.  These things happened before he lost his hand. That is why killing Cleo doesnt jive with the book. First, Cleo did not pose a threat to him, he was a tool to be used by Jamie, which poses a SIGNIFICANT difference even for pre Whispering Woods Jamie.  Bran posed a threat that Jamie could not abide, Cleo did not pose a threat.  There is a distinct difference.  The closest parrallel we have in the book is Jamie ordering the deaths of Neds bodyguards, but there are significant differences here too, the men were armed and Ned himself posed a threat to Jamie (albeit indirectly), through cat's control of Tyrion.  But it is clear that Jamie orderred their needless deaths.But I would argue that this was pre Whispering Woods Jamie, where he received an important life lesson, that his image of himself was based on completely wrong assumptions.That is why kiling Cleo is not in character, it was a cold blooded act to someone that did not pose a threat to him.  In that I believe D&D erred in their characterization of JL
1223	SerMixalot	2012-05-16	agreed on all points, it wasn't the only event that kicked off the war, but it was part of the chain of events and he had zero problem doing it, and would have done it again.  i believe he regretted not fighting ned later in the books.  hence, killing a distant cousin to escape imprisonment not being a far stretch at all for jamie lannister.and as far as the rest goes, that's what I've been arguing.  he nowhere near pushed bran out of the window to protect his kids.  it's a laughable argument to say he did.there's no redemption there, he merely learns to respect some other people because he can't just kill or fight them because he has no right hand.......and recognizes that cersei is a maniac.  iI disagree, clearly JL could be on a redemption arc as evidence I offer the followinga. his treatment of Brienne, saving her from rape, the bear and giving her a honorable goal to achieve (finding Sansa)b. His refutation of his father and cerseic. His wisdom over Loras's arroganced. His abiding by his oath not to fight the northerners or the rivermen (though he did contemplate the possibility, he was clearly relieved by not having to)e. His attempts at finding honorable compromises and treatment of defeated enemies.All of these examples and more show a man possibly on a redemption arc, though I would argue that it is unclear whether his redemption will occur or if so in what form
1224	Stanmore	2012-05-16	I think the point a lot of people are missing is he didn't need to kill Alton at all.  In fact killing the boy probably hinders his escape more than anything.
His plan had 3 stages.
1) get guard into room
2) kill guard
3) run off into camp full of northmen
Now i don't know about you but I can think of more than 1 way of fulfilling step 1. Fake illness, insult the guard, fake a fight with Alton, Beat the shit out of Alton without actually trying to kill him.   Granted these are all long shots, but killing Alton shouldn't have really worked either. Why would the Karstark boy go in there without calling for back up when Jaime has already proved capable of beating one person to death?
Now step 2. Wouldn't overpoweing the guard be easier with Alton to help? Jaime is good, but there's no way he could have been sure to overpower an armed man chained up like he was. Why throw away your major assest in the escape just to create a simple distraction?
Then step 3.  The boy isn't going to slow Jaime down, because you've already admited he doesn't care if he lives or dies. The two could split up increasing the chances of one getting away, or Jaime could sacrifice his cousin at this point  inorder help his own chances of escape.
Killing Alton in the cell is pointless, shortsighted and immoral, It only serves to add shock value to the scene and make Jaime look like an idiot and a psychopath.  That characterisation fits with what we've seen on the show, but it doesn't really mesh with what we learn in the later books.
1225	Mulled Wino	2012-05-16	I think the point a lot of people are missing is he didn't need to kill Alton at all.  In fact killing the boy probably hinders his escape more than anything.His plan had 3 stages.1) get guard into room2) kill guard3) run off into camp full of northmenNow i don't know about you but I can think of more than 1 way of fulfilling step 1. Fake illness, insult the guard, fake a fight with Alton, Beat the shit out of Alton without actually trying to kill him.   Granted these are all long shots, but killing Alton shouldn't have really worked either. Why would the Karstark boy go in there without calling for back up when Jaime has already proved capable of beating one person to death?Now step 2. Wouldn't overpoweing the guard be easier with Alton to help? Jaime is good, but there's no way he could have been sure to overpower an armed man chained up like he was. Why throw away your major assest in the escape just to create a simple distraction?Then step 3.  The boy isn't going to slow Jaime down, because you've already admited he doesn't care if he lives or dies. The two could split up increasing the chances of one getting away, or Jaime could sacrifice his cousin at this point  inorder help his own chances of escape.Killing Alton in the cell is pointless, shortsighted and immoral, It only serves to add shock value to the scene and make Jaime look like an idiot and a psychopath.  That characterisation fits with what we've seen on the show, but it doesn't really mesh with what we learn in the later books.sounds like a perfect description of 2 handed jamie.  that's exactly what he was.  LOL!!!!Jamie was fucking his twin sister! remember?  how is it a stretch for the producers to make him immoral?fake illness?  c'mon, please just stop.
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 16 May 2012 - 12:16 PM.
1226	Mulled Wino	2012-05-16	I disagree, clearly JL could be on a redemption arc as evidence I offer the followinga. his treatment of Brienne, saving her from rape, the bear and giving her a honorable goal to achieve (finding Sansa)b. His refutation of his father and cerseic. His wisdom over Loras's arroganced. His abiding by his oath not to fight the northerners or the rivermen (though he did contemplate the possibility, he was clearly relieved by not having to)e. His attempts at finding honorable compromises and treatment of defeated enemies.All of these examples and more show a man possibly on a redemption arc, though I would argue that it is unclear whether his redemption will occur or if so in what formyes, it started after brienne beat his ass amd he got his hand got cut off, but it seemed to me that it was all because he lost the only other options he had ever know.  I liked jamie from the beginning to the end of SOS TBH.  I just don't think it was as much of redemption as him trying to learn how to get by with his disfigurement
1227	Mulled Wino	2012-05-16	The thing is that it WAS in accordance with Book Jamie, early in the story.  Jamie only viewed himself in terms of he being a warrior, he solved problems by cutting through them with a sword, no patience for debate.  He was a narcissist that only thought in terms of himself and his wants and needs.  IN this way his attempt to kill Bran is in line with his character, Bran posed a threat to him and cersei.Book Jamie begins to change when he loses the battle of the Whispering Wood, very subtly but he does change, Jamie himself is likely unaware of the change.  that military defeat demonstrated his limits as a perfect warrior vessel.  Jamie began to question himself at this point and he began his redemption arc (it is still to be seen whether his redemption is sucessful).  This is evident by his books willingness to die and his not attacking and killing a vulnerable Brienne.  These things happened before he lost his hand.That is why killing Cleo doesnt jive with the book. First, Cleo did not pose a threat to him, he was a tool to be used by Jamie, which poses a SIGNIFICANT difference even for pre Whispering Woods Jamie.  Bran posed a threat that Jamie could not abide, Cleo did not pose a threat.  There is a distinct difference.  The closest parrallel we have in the book is Jamie ordering the deaths of Neds bodyguards, but there are significant differences here too, the men were armed and Ned himself posed a threat to Jamie (albeit indirectly), through cat's control of Tyrion.  But it is clear that Jamie orderred their needless deaths.But I would argue that this was pre Whispering Woods Jamie, where he received an important life lesson, that his image of himself was based on completely wrong assumptions.That is why kiling Cleo is not in character, it was a cold blooded act to someone that did not pose a threat to him.  In that I believe D&D erred in their characterization of JLthis differs from killing ned's household guard how?  cuz it was more than one person?
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 16 May 2012 - 12:20 PM.
1228	Stanmore	2012-05-16	sounds like a perfect description of 2 handed jamie.  that's exactly what he was.  LOL!!!!Jamie was fucking his twin sister! remember?  how is it a stretch for the producers to make him immoral?fake illness?  c'mon, please just stop.So faking an illness is a clichA© but statrting a fight in the cell is believable? They're both hackneyed ideas, difference is they found a way to sex up the fight. Jaime is not a psychopath. His motives are more complex than you or the show runners give him credit for.
1229	Stanmore	2012-05-16	this differs from killing ned's household guard how?  cuz it was more than one person?Because to the Lanisters the war had already started by then. Cat declared war when she captured Tyrion, and Ned's men were just enemy soldiers. Killing them may not  have  been merciful, but at least it had a point.
1230	Mulled Wino	2012-05-16	So faking an illness is a clichA© but statrting a fight in the cell is believable? They're both hackneyed ideas, difference is they found a way to sex up the fight.Jaime is not a psychopath. His motives are more complex than you or the show runners give him credit for.really?  explain his motives when he said he would have killed arya? The study of the psychopath reveals an individual who is incapable of feeling guilt, remorse or empathy for their actions. They are generally cunning, manipulative and know the difference between right and wrong but dismiss it as not applying to them.They are incapable of normal emotions such as love, generally react without considering the consequences of their actions and show extreme egocentric and narcissistic behavior.no, jamie's not a psychopath...
1231	Mulled Wino	2012-05-16	Because to the Lanisters the war had already started by then. Cat declared war when she captured Tyrion, and Ned's men were just enemy soldiers. Killing them may not  have  been merciful, but at least it had a point.enemy soldiers who were no threat to him at the time.......Ned wasn't dead yet, so the war didn't start yet with the starks.
1232	Mulled Wino	2012-05-16	So faking an illness is a clichA© but statrting a fight in the cell is believable? They're both hackneyed ideas, difference is they found a way to sex up the fight.Jaime is not a psychopath. His motives are more complex than you or the show runners give him credit for.arent they supposed to do that for TV?
1233	protar	2012-05-16	What are you talking it about?  It didn't dumb anything down.  If anything it made Jaimie more complex.And to Brienne I'm basing it on that After Jaimie and Cersei basically living there worse nightmares, the last we see of both in the book they are contemplating going back to the way they were.Thats...not true. No idea where you got that from.
1234	David Selig	2012-05-16	Because to the Lanisters the war had already started by then. Cat declared war when she captured Tyrion, and Ned's men were just enemy soldiers. Killing them may not  have  been merciful, but at least it had a point.If Jaime considered this a military encounter and the war already started at the time, then he is the worst military commander ever, killing the low-ranked soldiers and leaving alive and free the leader of the enemy when he had a chance to kill or capture him.Since we know he's isn't that incompetent, it's clear this wasn't a war action for Jaime - it was motivated by anger, cruelty and recklessness.
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 16 May 2012 - 12:51 PM.
1235	Mulled Wino	2012-05-16	If Jaime considered this a military encounter and the war already started at the time, then he is the worst military commander ever, killing the low-ranked soldiers and leaving alive and free the leader of the enemy when he had a chance to kill or capture him.Since we know he's isn't that incompetent, it's clear this wasn't a war action for Jaime - it was motivated by , anger, cruelty and recklessness.this too.....................
1236	zippypoodle	2012-05-16	not sarcasm at all actually.where do you get protecting his kids?  where do you get trying to prevent a war?  was he trying to prevent a war when he killed ned's guards in kings landing?lol, he's protecting the twin sister that he's fucking's head.  that's it.  that's the only argument for it, and its a lot more amoral than killing another prisoner to escape captivity.Good point. I think a lot of people like Jaime so much by the end of ASOS that they forget what he was like pre-hand-chop. Jaime is very much a mixed bag, and they keep the grey areas in the show:1. He pushes Bran out the window2. He stabs King Aerys in the back, but is conflicted because his duties as a knight/king's guard conflicted3. He attacks Ned Stark, but he does it out of love for Tyrion4. He kills his cousin to escape
1237	SerMixalot	2012-05-16	this differs from killing ned's household guard how?  cuz it was more than one person?cause they were armed and could defend themselves and Ned Stark was a threat to him through Tyrion
1238	SerMixalot	2012-05-16	and again, JL's redemptin did not start with losing to Brienne and losing his hand, it started earlier when he didnt kill Brienne when he had the chance ie earlier than losing his hand.  I would argue that his redemption started when he lost the Whispering Woods and was imprisoned.
1239	Mulled Wino	2012-05-16	i just can't get over that it's an inconceivable jump from a guy who kills a child to protect his incestuous relationship without even talking to the kid or feeling one iota of grief to a guy who kills another prisoner to escape from prison...
how is that possibly a stretch and that's not even mentioning everything else that jamie does, just the bran example.  he doesn't care about anyone but himself, clearly. 
pretty much everything about the first one is worse than everything about the second one.
1240	Mulled Wino	2012-05-16	cause they were armed and could defend themselves and Ned Stark was a threat to him through Tyrionhow are they a threat to tyrion?  his guard?  I guess I'm not smart enough to see how ned's guard was a threat to tyrion in the vale...do you deny that jamie would have killed arya if he found her?  do you think arya posed a threat to jamie?
1241	Mulled Wino	2012-05-16	and again, JL's redemptin did not start with losing to Brienne and losing his hand, it started earlier when he didnt kill Brienne when he had the chance ie earlier than losing his hand.  I would argue that his redemption started when he lost the Whispering Woods and was imprisoned.that would be a bad argument.  he couldn't kill brienne, his hands were chained together and he was malnourished and weak.
1242	zippypoodle	2012-05-16	Not to mention he did end up trying to kill her and failed miserably. Which led to their capture by the Brave Companions.
1243	SerMixalot	2012-05-16	that would be a bad argument.  he couldn't kill brienne, his hands were chained together and he was malnourished and weak.she was swimming to the boat and he had an oar in his hand.
1244	Mulled Wino	2012-05-16	she was swimming to the boat and he had an oar in his hand.doesn't mean he would have killed her.  they did fight if I recall.  doesn't sound like him not trying to kill her because he "started his redemption arc" to me.
1245	Mulled Wino	2012-05-16	So faking an illness is a clichA© but statrting a fight in the cell is believable? They're both hackneyed ideas, difference is they found a way to sex up the fight.Jaime is not a psychopath. His motives are more complex than you or the show runners give him credit for.at least you admit he's a sociopath. although i wouldnt think its a stretch for either to kill someone to get out of prisonHe's obviously a sociapath but there are degrees of sociopathy.
1246	Iotun	2012-05-16	I generally don't complain, and don't mind the changes at all, even welcome them. I think in many ways the show is surpassing the book. But I disliked this move a lot - not just because it moves Jaime away from the character of the books, and makes his redemption more difficult to accept, but also because it moves Jaime away from the character OF THE SHOW as he's been introduced up to now.
Firstly, do I think that Jaime is above kinslaying, in either book or show? No. Tyrion in the books is pretty confident that Jaime will kill Lancel when he returns, and Tyrion as we know is a pretty good judge of character. He makes the same threat to Lancel in the show, and it must be a believable one given that its succesful at intimidating him.
The problem is not that Jaime is above killing family members, but in the way that he killed him. Not just the book, but the SHOW also, has introduced Jaime as a man who is ruthless, and does not mind killing his enemies, but that at the same time he is a man who doesn't play games, and has his own personal sense of honour in that when he kills somebody, he wants it to be a 'clean' death, in a face-to-face battle. This is a man who by his own admission, and as his father successfully judges, in the show, hates the fact that he is being called a kinglsayer for stabbing the mad king "in the back". This is a man who knocks out own of his men for stabbing Ned Stark in the foot and preventing it from being a 'clean' fight. This is the man who by his own admission doesn't want to be part of the game, whom his sister admits to never taking it seriously. This is the man who when Catelyn confronts him about what happened to Bran, comes out and straight tells her that he pushed him off a window because he wanted him to die. Yes he pushes Bran off to his death, but that is an act of the moment because he has to protect the other defining feature of his character - i.e. his love for Cercei.
If we allow ourselves to go to the book, Jaime, when managing to get a sword, is more than willing to fight Brienne with the intend to kill, but refuses to kill her sneakily with his oar, while she is swimming in the river.
I would not mind if he killed his cousin in a scene where, say, he is escaping, and his cousin, terrified, stands in his way, pulls a sword out, and tells him 'Cousin, this is madness!'. But what Jaime does is emotionally manipulate his cousin, play a game with him, lead him to trust him, and then kills him sneakily in an underhanded, completely unfair, and dishonorable way. That is NOT something that the character the SHOW introduced would do. In this regard the show is inconsistent with itself not just the book. What makes it even worse is that there's a thousand different ways that an escape attempt could have been thought of, and a thousand different ways for Jaime to kill his cousin in a more 'clean' way, if that was desirable. But the show went with the method that was the most dishonorable, apparently for shock value, and without much concern for internal consistency.
1247	Iotun	2012-05-16	doesn't mean he would have killed her.  they did fight if I recall.  doesn't sound like him not trying to kill her because he "started his redemption arc" to me.The intent of the scene in the book is pretty clear that Jaime has the option to kill her but chooses not to do do so. Not because of some weird technical reason like 'he is malnurished'. it would be very bad writing for Martin to make a point of pointing out in that scene that Jaime sees the opportunity, and chooses not to act, unless he wanted to make a point about Jaime's character. But the way I read it isn't that Jaime has started his 'redemption' - but that its a defining aspect of his character that he only enjoys and accepts battle when its face to face and 'clean'. He is willing to fight Brienne with the intend to kill when he gets a sword and she can defend herself against him, but is unwilling to kill her in an underhanded manner. This is after all a man who despises being hated for killing the mad king 'in the back'.My own opinion on the whole scene is in the post above.
1248	SerMixalot	2012-05-16	doesn't mean he would have killed her.  they did fight if I recall.  doesn't sound like him not trying to kill her because he "started his redemption arc" to me.I think that killing Brienne in the river would have been infinitely easier that kiling Cleo to escape from the enemy camp.  but there is a reason that Jamie didnt kill Brienne and it has nothing to do with being malnourished, presumably the same would be said for his situatin in the cage
1249	Stanmore	2012-05-16	enemy soldiers who were no threat to him at the time.......Ned wasn't dead yet, so the war didn't start yet with the starks.The Starks may not have realised they were at war, but that didn't stop Tywin attacking the riverlands. The Starks had taken Tyrion prisoner so as far at the Lannisters were concerned war had been declared.at least you admit he's a sociopath.although i wouldnt think its a stretch for either to kill someone to get out of prisonI don't think that it's a stretch for a sociopath, I think it's a stretch for this specific sociopath. Gregor Clegane or Ramsey Bolton would have killed Alton without a second thought, Jaime is neither of those characters though. Every time he's killed he's done it for a reason.  As i've explained before killing ALton was completely pointless. To say he's a psychopath and is therefore capable of anything really ignores the depth of his character
1250	Mulled Wino	2012-05-16	He has a reason to kill his cousin (that he doesnt care about).  To get out of prison.
1251	Mulled Wino	2012-05-16	All of your explanations have been blown up. (arya, the weak ass "at war" one especially).
1252	Stanmore	2012-05-16	He has a reason to kill his cousin (that he doesnt care about).  To get out of prison.I've already explained why that argument doesn't hold water. Killing Alton didn't help him escape one bit. Even if attacking Alton was the only way to get the Karstark son inside the cell, there's no reason at all to beat him to death. It's brutality for the sake of brutality and therefore pointless.Still, it makes an effective scene if you want to portray Jaime as a mindless killer...
1253	Terilien	2012-05-16	The problem is that this move compromises our freedom of interpretation, something that makes Jaime such a rich character.. If you listen to the inside the episode segment, David Benioff said they had him kill Alton because Jaime's true personality is that of a monster. That's taking something that was very open to interpretation for readers, and making it way way too definite. They went with one of many many possible interpretations, and are running with it. While his sociopathy may be Crystal clear to them, it's something I haven't quite worked out from his actions.
The worst part of it is: Was it too much for him to fake Alton's death? Really?  Wasn't that an obvious option?
I'd also like to add that yes, Jaime being a complete sociopath *does* conflict with the books. A sociopath doesn't "go away inside" because of Aerys Targaryens atrocities, nor does he feel guilt because he can't protect Aery\s wife from rape.
					
					
							Edited by Terilien, 16 May 2012 - 09:09 PM.
1254	Patchface12	2012-05-17	After Troy, I guess I shouldn't be shocked that they make changes like this. This, along with forces McCann to underact are the most unforgivable changes they've made thus far
1255	Marcus Cicero	2012-05-17	I'm frustrated by D&D's comments because I'm inclined to defend the scene as in-keeping with book Jaime, but they go too far by calling him a 'monster' and ignoring any sort of nuance.
Before ASOS, Jaime is a narcissist who seems to get some joy out of killing. Of course, he usually kills for a reason, and he had one for Alton. Why kill instead of faking an illness or brawling? He felt that he had to create as disturbing a scene as possible. He's desperate, impulsive, and impatient. He saw his moment and acted. This same impulsiveness was seen in the Bran incident. Cersei later points out that they could've handled it differently. He could of at least talked to Bran. But he just reflexively pushes Bran out the window. Even if it was a matter of necessity, he doesn't really feel any remorse or regret about it. He's too wrapped up in his own self-importance.
The notion that Jaime started changing as soon as he lost at the Whispering Wood is an interesting one. However, even if it's true, the changes were too subtle to prevent this kind of behavior. In his first couple POV chapters in ASOS, he still comes across as somewhat of a narcissistic sociopath.
1256	Marjie Eilie Myatt	2012-05-17	Fine, change the scene with Jamie, he kills Alton, whatever.  But Catelyn letting him go, now, is ridiculous.  She doesn't know Bran & Rickon are dead, she promised Karstark that he would have his revenge on Jaime, Rob is coming back in the morning, she's not in charge; has she ever had a meaningful conversation with TV Tyrion that would lead her to believe he'll help let the girls out if Jaime is returned to him? (Joffrey's the king and he killed Ned against everybody's counsel.)  She botched the whole kidnap-Tyrion thing.
I don't see how Brienne can handle Jaime on this trek by herself.  I get the need to reduce/merge characters, change scenes, etc., for television, but I still think it's too hard to make a trek with a prisoner by yourself--trying to save him and look over your shoulder at him also the whole time---I mean, look what happened to Jon!
1257	zippypoodle	2012-05-17	I've already explained why that argument doesn't hold water. Killing Alton didn't help him escape one bit. Even if attacking Alton was the only way to get the Karstark son inside the cell, there's no reason at all to beat him to death. It's brutality for the sake of brutality and therefore pointless. Still, it makes an effective scene if you want to portray Jaime as a mindless killer...No, it's brutality for the sake of escaping. Just like pushing Bran from the window was brutality for the sake of preventing Bran from talking. And ordering the death of Eddard's guards was brutality for the sake of punishing Eddard for Catelyn's capture of Tyrion. . And killing Aerys was brutality for no good reason at all by the time he did it--he had already killed the Hand of the King, so why not just let Aerys be taken into custody when the Lannister-Stark armies show up?It's the standard MO for Jaime. He desires outcome A, and naturally turns to violence to achieve it because 1. that's what he's best at prior to the hand-chop and 2. he's too self-involved and impulisve to ever consider consequences (again, prior to the hand chop).If you think having him kill Alton pushes him across the line as far as redemption possibilities goes, that's a matter of opinion and we simply disagree.  If you think it's completely out of character for Jaime, you're simply wrong.
1258	SerMixalot	2012-05-17	No, it's brutality for the sake of escaping. Just like pushing Bran from the window was brutality for the sake of preventing Bran from talking. And ordering the death of Eddard's guards was brutality for the sake of punishing Eddard for Catelyn's capture of Tyrion. . And killing Aerys was brutality for no good reason at all by the time he did it--he had already killed the Hand of the King, so why not just let Aerys be taken into custody when the Lannister-Stark armies show up? It's the standard MO for Jaime. He desires outcome A, and naturally turns to violence to achieve it because 1. that's what he's best at prior to the hand-chop and 2. he's too self-involved and impulisve to ever consider consequences (again, prior to the hand chop). If you think having him kill Alton pushes him across the line as far as redemption possibilities goes, that's a matter of opinion and we simply disagree. If you think it's completely out of character for Jaime, you're simply wrong.Then why didnt he kill brienne in the book, when she was swimming to the boat and he and an oar in his hands? All he had to do was bring the oar down on her head.
1259	SerMixalot	2012-05-17	I would argue his redemption had already started and he was barely aware of the changes, his self evaluation was in it infancy so his reflections were not involved, but clearly that was a choice old Jamie would not have made
1260	Stanmore	2012-05-17	No, it's brutality for the sake of escaping. Just like pushing Bran from the window was brutality for the sake of preventing Bran from talking. And ordering the death of Eddard's guards was brutality for the sake of punishing Eddard for Catelyn's capture of Tyrion. . And killing Aerys was brutality for no good reason at all by the time he did it--he had already killed the Hand of the King, so why not just let Aerys be taken into custody when the Lannister-Stark armies show up? It's the standard MO for Jaime. He desires outcome A, and naturally turns to violence to achieve it because 1. that's what he's best at prior to the hand-chop and 2. he's too self-involved and impulisve to ever consider consequences (again, prior to the hand chop). If you think having him kill Alton pushes him across the line as far as redemption possibilities goes, that's a matter of opinion and we simply disagree. If you think it's completely out of character for Jaime, you're simply wrong.He tried to kill Bran in order to silence him. He Killed aerys to stop him burning down the city. He killed Ned's guards to get revenge for his brother. He killed his jailer in order to escape.There's literally no reason to kill Alton. The escape doesn't rely on it. Alton isn't a threat to him, Alton hasn't wronged him in any way. It's a kill for the sake of a kill and thus not in keeping with Jaime's MO as i see it. Add on top of that that Alton is a Lannister, even if a very minor one, and it all becomes too hard to swallow.
1261	SerMixalot	2012-05-17	What is troubling is that the writers think Jamie is a monster.  Gregor Clegane is a monster.  Jamie is a very complex character and if the writers miss that point, well i am worried about the future of the series.  Would a monster have given Brienne purpose in life or given her a sword reforged from Ned Stark's valyrian blade?
1262	Jayaris	2012-05-17	He tried to kill Bran in order to silence him. He Killed aerys to stop him burning down the city. He killed Ned's guards to get revenge for his brother. He killed his jailer in order to escape.There's literally no reason to kill Alton. The escape doesn't rely on it. Alton isn't a threat to him, Alton hasn't wronged him in any way. It's a kill for the sake of a kill and thus not in keeping with Jaime's MO as i see it. Add on top of that that Alton is a Lannister, even if a very minor one, and it all becomes too hard to swallow. His death is more believable if he died, the guard has a higher chance of coming in if he beats him to death. If they are both alive Jamie is either slowed down by Alton or Alton escapes on his own and notifies the camp that an escape has taken place when he is caught.The escape is simpler and more effective with Alton dead.
1263	Stanmore	2012-05-17	His death is more believable if he died, the guard has a higher chance of coming in if he beats him to death. If they are both alive Jamie is either slowed down by Alton or Alton escapes on his own and notifies the camp that an escape has taken place when he is caught.The escape is simpler and more effective with Alton dead.Nonsense.  If Alton is dead what reason does the jailer have to enter the cell? it makes sense for him to break up a fight between valuable prisoners, it makes no sense for him to enter the cell alone just to stare at a corpse. Where's the urgency in that?Secondly if Jaime has no qualms in killing Alton in cold blood he certainly wouldn't have any issues with leaving him behind beaten and bloodied or letting Alton run off in one direction as a distraction while he sneaks off in another. . His  absence is going to be discovered before too long anyway. His cell is in the middle of the camp, and he made plenty of noise in the escape. At the end of the day Alton was an asset not a hinderence.  The Jaime from the books would have realised that. He's not just some mad dog.
1264	icspotz	2012-05-17	Clearly Jaime is irredeemable after tossing Bran but imo it was unnecessary to resort to kinslaying to further establish his amorality especially with the emphasis on kinslaying being worse than kingslaying and familial ties being so important in this culture. Martin is at the height of his craft in presenting conflicted characters motivated by their background and personal experience. What separates GRRM's from that of other writers of the genre is the finely nuanced characters who are not defined as purely good or evil but share both components. It is more difficult to show the opposite side of Jamie as he begins to transition emotionally post amputation by having him yet again commit a heinous crime taking him further away from the character the author meant to portray. This somewhat damages his future dynamic with Brienne and Cersi as he begins to regret his actions which I hope is not altered by the HBO series. In contrast the added scene of Joffery and the prostitutes showing him as an utter psychopath is more in tune with his character.
1265	Le Cygne	2012-05-17	Jaime is not a monster.
					
					
							Edited by Le Cygne, 18 May 2012 - 07:25 AM.
1266	Katydid	2012-05-17	What is troubling is that the writers think Jamie is a monster. Gregor Clegane is a monster. Jamie is a very complex character and if the writers miss that point, well i am worried about the future of the series. Would a monster have given Brienne purpose in life or given her a sword reforged from Ned Stark's valyrian blade?THANK YOU.  You stated my fears precisely. I'm clinging to the hope that they're calling current Jaime a monster, for the benefit of the non-book fans.  Yes he's done all these horrible things, he's killed brutally and bangs his sister on a regular basis, but we haven't yet gotten into the "why"s of his choices and actions. If they write Jaime as an irredeemable monster from S3 onward, post-Brienne, I'll have to give up on this show completely.  And I'd mourn it.  But I really, really want them to get the J/B relationship right, more than anything else in the series.
1267	David Selig	2012-05-17	Jaime tried to kill Bran, a 7 year old child and crippled him. Later on he tried to kill another child (Arya) and only pure luck prevented it. He had Ned's guards killed to "chasten" him. He never regretted or felt guilty for any of those actions. That's more than enough to qualify him as a monster in my book.
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 17 May 2012 - 11:16 AM.
1268	Katydid	2012-05-17	Some readers look deeper; some don't.  It's all good.  /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
1269	imladolen	2012-05-17	I didn't like this scene at all because Alton (who I believe is supposed to be Cleos Frey) is such a likeable young man. I always envisioned Cleos Frey as an old stuffy thing because that is the way Roy Dotrice reads him in the audiobooks. So after than when I read the books that is still how I saw him. Alton is young and honest. I had a hard time watching this scene when I watched the espisode a second time and switched channels until I knew it was over. But I get that they have to establish Jamie early on as an a**hole and then show his transformation. The question is who will take his hand?Well, from what we have learned of Rhaegar Targaryen he too was a nice guy, a great caring person. And that psycho Robert Baratheon (who was so damned obsessive in his unrequited love for Lyanna that it seems to border on stalker-ness) killed him. So, where is the Robert hate?At least Jaime kills for a real reason; Robert killed because it cleared his head.
					
					
							Edited by imlad, 17 May 2012 - 11:31 AM.
1270	FantA´me	2012-05-17	Well, from what we have learned of Rhaegar Targaryen he too was a nice guy, a great caring person. And that psycho Robert Baratheon (who was so damned obsessive in his unrequited love for Lyanna that it seems to border on stalker-ness) killed him. So, where is the Robert hate? At least Jaime kills for a real reason; Robert killed because it cleared his head.That's not remotely comparable. It was war. They were enemies.Alton is not Jaime's enemy he's his cousin who seems to worship him.
					
					
							Edited by FantA´me, 17 May 2012 - 11:47 AM.
1271	zippypoodle	2012-05-17	He tried to kill Bran in order to silence him. He Killed aerys to stop him burning down the city. He killed Ned's guards to get revenge for his brother. He killed his jailer in order to escape. There's literally no reason to kill Alton. The escape doesn't rely on it. Alton isn't a threat to him, Alton hasn't wronged him in any way. It's a kill for the sake of a kill and thus not in keeping with Jaime's MO as i see it. Add on top of that that Alton is a Lannister, even if a very minor one, and it all becomes too hard to swallow.I'm not saying I'm 100% on board with the Jaime killing Alton thing. In fact, I was a bit taken aback by it upon first viewing. But after thinking about it for a bit, I realized that it's just not that out of character for Jaime. He's always done whatever he wants at the expense of whomever and whatever it takes. Even having sex with Cersei falls into that--he refused to take into consideration the possible, even likely, ramifications of impregnating the queen with bastard children, incestuous bastard children no less. Even if the two of them insisted on having sex, Jaime should absolutely have insisted that Cersei take protections against pregnancy and/or take such precautions himself. Or even If Cersei had just had at least one of Robert's children and let Jaime father the others, suspicion would have been waylaid.  But he had his reasons--Robert was a philanderer who disrespected his sister/lover, just like he had his reasons for all the things mentioned above.  But he also had his reasons for killing Alton (to escape) even if you think it wasn't a smart decision.  Pushing Bran out the window wasn't a smart decision. Leaving morality out of it, you either let the kid live unharmed or make damn sure he's dead and hide the body. But instead, he acted on his first impulse. Jaime's redemption is just as much about him learning to think about the consequences of his actions as it is growing a conscience.Some readers look deeper; some don't. It's all good. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />But sometimes when they attempt to look deeper, all they get is deeper into a pile of BS.
1272	Wex Pyke	2012-05-17	I hate this scene.
1273	imladolen	2012-05-18	That's not remotely comparable. It was war. They were enemies.Alton is not Jaime's enemy he's his cousin who seems to worship him.If you are right, then why the hell was Brynden Rivers (Bloodraven) named kinslayer for killing Daemon Blackfyre and Daemon's twin sons WHILE IN BATTLE?
1274	Somnus	2012-05-19	Actually, I loved this scene.
It seemed like something Jaime would do. After all he'd do ANYTHING to go back to his dear Cersei.
And it's pretty obvious Alton ISN'T a Lannister from Casterly Rock. He spent the minutes before complaining how his father didn't want him to squire Jaime because he'd ashame THEIR branch of the family or how they had to seat very far from the main family during the feast.
I think it's pretty obvious that he's from Lannisport. So Jaime killing Alton to me is Kinslaying as much as what Robb does to Rickard Karstark.
1275	FantA´me	2012-05-19	If you are right, then why the hell was Brynden Rivers (Bloodraven) named kinslayer for killing Daemon Blackfyre and Daemon's twin sons WHILE IN BATTLE?Not sure what your point is. Yes kinslaying is kinslaying whatever the consequences. Were Rhaegar and Robert related (I mean more than "my faraway ancestor had dragon blood)? If not, I still don't see how Robert killing Rhaegar in a battle where they were enemies has anything to do with that. And also imo Robert's anger and thirst for revenge was more of a reason to kill than Jaime 's... what? inability to find another way to escape, like say, ask Alton to pretend to be dead ?
1276	salt	2012-05-19	This was an extremely dark scene for Jaime.  However, are we sure "kinslayer" applies here?  Being labeled a kinslayer is a pretty big deal, are there examples of that being true for someone who kills a cousin?  I know Bloodraven was called a kinslayer and I forget exactly who he killed, so maybe someone more familiar with his story can correct me, but I always thought it applied to people who killed someone in their immediate family.  Nobility intermarry so much that if you start applying the term Kinslayer to those who kill a cousin, every knight who goes into battle is going to have to check a portable family genealogy before they attack anyone.  Hell, even Viserys and Edric Storm are related.
					
					
							Edited by salt, 19 May 2012 - 08:16 PM.
1277	salt	2012-05-19	Also, as far as this being "too dark" for Jaime, lets remember that its only luck that kept him from going "too far" before his redemption arc.  Of course there is Bran only being paralyzed instead of being killed, but remember that on the Kingsroad he was out searching for Arya and would have cut her hand off if he had found her first.
He was going to chop off a little girl's hand because his sister demanded it of him while he was fucking her.  If he wasn't a monster, he was pretty damn close.
1278	K.C.	2012-05-19	do you happen to remember how much jamie cared about cleos in the books?This is what I kept thinking when I read the posts about it being somehow out of character. Yes, Alton was a Lannister by blood rather than marriage, but they did their best to establish that he's from a different branch, so distantly related that Jaime doesn't even know who his parents are.Any talk about it making him somehow less redeemable should stop at the part where he shoves a little boy out a window. By the way, I thought the Brienne/Jaime lines they gave to Cat worked just as well. Having him bring up Ned's bastard was a nice touch.
1279	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2012-05-19	If they share the same last name...they are KIN.
Hence Jaime in the tv show is a kinslayer.
As for Book Jaime yes he was a monster. He did terrible things. And he would done even more terrible things if he had the chance too. Such as mauling Arya for what she and Nymeria had done to Joffrey.  
HOWEVER Jaime isn't just a monster by the end of ASOS. He becomes a deeper more complex character because of his storyline with Brienne.  And by the end of it all you feel for Jaime. Even if its just a sliver of pity and understanding its THERE (for most of us). The problem with HBO and this ridiculous scene is that its going to make it that much more difficult to feel anything for Jaime later on.  
Of all the characters on the canvas I believe Jaime has the best chance of redemption. He robbed Bran of his legs and his glorious dreams of being a knight.  In return Jaime lost his hand and essentially his identity and self worth.  I'm not saying their even but Jaime has suffered and will continue to suffer in my opinion as Myrcella and Tommen pay for the sins of their father AND mother.
1280	salt	2012-05-19	If they share the same last name...they are KIN.Where are you getting this from?  Obviously its not that simple, as Bloodraven and the man he killed did not share a last name.Is there anywhere in the books where killing a distant cousin counts as kinslaying?
					
					
							Edited by salt, 19 May 2012 - 11:23 PM.
1281	Xanrn	2012-05-19	What I hated about this scene.
Was in the name of fucking hell was Torrehen Karstark a fucking noble, guarding prisoners all by his goddam lonesome..
1. One guard is just stupid even for 2 men.
2. Nobles do not to guard duty in the middle of the night, maybe in command of other guards.
3. Really wearing the Keys on your belt?
4. Its a miracle Kingslayer didn't make a rope from the belts and grapple the keys.
The whole scene was a stupid scene.
Why do they need to make that Catelyns reason for freeing Jaime, when they fake killed Rickon and Bran anyway.
1282	EveryoneRelax	2012-05-20	Not sure what your point is. Yes kinslaying is kinslaying whatever the consequences. Were Rhaegar and Robert related (I mean more than "my faraway ancestor had dragon blood)? If not, I still don't see how Robert killing Rhaegar in a battle where they were enemies has anything to do with that. And also imo Robert's anger and thirst for revenge was more of a reason to kill than Jaime 's... what? inability to find another way to escape, like say, ask Alton to pretend to be dead ?Actually Aegon the Unlikely's daughter is Steffon Baratheon (Roberts fathers mother) So it wasn't that super far back. Steffon and Aerys would have been first cousins I believe. If a Stark killing a Karstark is a kinslaying then yes that probably should have been.
1283	FantA´me	2012-05-20	Actually Aegon the Unlikely's daughter is Steffon Baratheon (Roberts fathers mother) So it wasn't that super far back. Steffon and Aerys would have been first cousins I believe. If a Stark killing a Karstark is a kinslaying then yes that probably should have been.Problem is, absolutely nobody in the books, not even his enemies who'll naturally look for any way to demonize him, ever calls him a kinslayer. So I'm guessing they're not considered kin or Viserys or any of them would have called him that already.Besides my main point wasn't about kinslaying but about how can anyone compare Jaime killing his innocent cousin and fellow prisoner for no real reason and Robert killing his hated enemy in battle , during the war. Alton was not Jaime's enemy.Question about the Karstark cause I don't remember well: Does anybody but the Karstarks themselves call a Stark killing a Karstark kinslaying?edit: I did a quick research in the ebooks and nobody but the Karstark call it kinslaying so it's probably just a pretext.In fact ,the murder with the least closely related victim recognized as kinslaying is Tyrion being accused of Joffrey's death or Bloodraven for Daemon and his sons so , no , Robert isn't a kinslayer. As for Jaime in the show, I don't know but kinslaying or not, it was a gratuitous and cruel murder of someone who was neither his enemy nor an immediate danger to him and with whom he just had a conversation showing how he worshipped him so it does make him a heartless beast.
					
					
							Edited by FantA´me, 20 May 2012 - 09:30 AM.
1284	Archmaester Marwin	2012-06-05	it seems to be common opinion that killing children is understandable if its done to protect one's sex lifeNo, but that DID protect his love from Robert's wrath. They, and the children, would have been killed if Bran told. Jaime acted boldly, impulsively, rashly, and without much regard for anyone outside his immediate family. He figures he can do whatever he feels like and tie off loose ends later with his sword and the power that his rich and feared family provides. That is Jaime.The show version, he kills a member of his family (albeit distant) in a creepy calculating way after charming him into comfort. Why that plan worked is not even clear to me. If I was the guard, I'd be like "lol way to kill your cousin for no reason kingslayer, definitely not comnig in there now". But most of all, WHY WAS THE KARSTARK BOY THE GUARD? WHAT WAS THE LOGIC? Ok guys, we have a really valuable POW. Lets have one man guard him...and lets have that one man be....A LORDLING. So stupid. Words cannot describe.TV Jaime's redemption is now impossible due to this entirely selfish, sociopathic act. I'm done with the show, they have failed.
1285	Archmaester Marwin	2012-06-05	What I hated about this scene.Was in the name of fucking hell was Torrehen Karstark a fucking noble, guarding prisoners all by his goddam lonesome..1. One guard is just stupid even for 2 men.2. Nobles do not to guard duty in the middle of the night, maybe in command of other guards.3. Really wearing the Keys on your belt?4. Its a miracle Kingslayer didn't make a rope from the belts and grapple the keys.The whole scene was a stupid scene.Why do they need to make that Catelyns reason for freeing Jaime, when they fake killed Rickon and Bran anyway.DIdn't see this post, but you are dead on. It was so dumb. I wonder who the hell is approving these scripts.
1286	Archmaester Marwin	2012-06-05	This was an extremely dark scene for Jaime.  However, are we sure "kinslayer" applies here?  Being labeled a kinslayer is a pretty big deal, are there examples of that being true for someone who kills a cousin?  I know Bloodraven was called a kinslayer and I forget exactly who he killed, so maybe someone more familiar with his story can correct me, but I always thought it applied to people who killed someone in their immediate family.  Nobility intermarry so much that if you start applying the term Kinslayer to those who kill a cousin, every knight who goes into battle is going to have to check a portable family genealogy before they attack anyone.  Hell, even Viserys and Edric Storm are related.Bloodraven (Brynden Rivers) killed Daemon Blackfyre, his half brother. They were both legitimized bastard sons of Aegon the Unworthy. It should be mentioned I guess that Bloodraven mentions that he would be considered a kingslayer if he killed Daemon II, Daemon's son, who I guess would be his half-nephew.
1287	Castel	2012-06-05	The thing with the Karstarks was just Lord KArstark trying to keep his head according to Martin.
1288	Shoemaker	2012-10-07	I generally don't complain, and don't mind the changes at all, even welcome them. I think in many ways the show is surpassing the book. But I disliked this move a lot - not just because it moves Jaime away from the character of the books, and makes his redemption more difficult to accept, but also because it moves Jaime away from the character OF THE SHOW as he's been introduced up to now.Firstly, do I think that Jaime is above kinslaying, in either book or show? No. Tyrion in the books is pretty confident that Jaime will kill Lancel when he returns, and Tyrion as we know is a pretty good judge of character. He makes the same threat to Lancel in the show, and it must be a believable one given that its succesful at intimidating him.The problem is not that Jaime is above killing family members, but in the way that he killed him. Not just the book, but the SHOW also, has introduced Jaime as a man who is ruthless, and does not mind killing his enemies, but that at the same time he is a man who doesn't play games, and has his own personal sense of honour in that when he kills somebody, he wants it to be a 'clean' death, in a face-to-face battle. This is a man who by his own admission, and as his father successfully judges, in the show, hates the fact that he is being called a kinglsayer for stabbing the mad king "in the back". This is a man who knocks out own of his men for stabbing Ned Stark in the foot and preventing it from being a 'clean' fight. This is the man who by his own admission doesn't want to be part of the game, whom his sister admits to never taking it seriously. This is the man who when Catelyn confronts him about what happened to Bran, comes out and straight tells her that he pushed him off a window because he wanted him to die. Yes he pushes Bran off to his death, but that is an act of the moment because he has to protect the other defining feature of his character - i.e. his love for Cercei.If we allow ourselves to go to the book, Jaime, when managing to get a sword, is more than willing to fight Brienne with the intend to kill, but refuses to kill her sneakily with his oar, while she is swimming in the river.I would not mind if he killed his cousin in a scene where, say, he is escaping, and his cousin, terrified, stands in his way, pulls a sword out, and tells him 'Cousin, this is madness!'. But what Jaime does is emotionally manipulate his cousin, play a game with him, lead him to trust him, and then kills him sneakily in an underhanded, completely unfair, and dishonorable way. That is NOT something that the character the SHOW introduced would do. In this regard the show is inconsistent with itself not just the book. What makes it even worse is that there's a thousand different ways that an escape attempt could have been thought of, and a thousand different ways for Jaime to kill his cousin in a more 'clean' way, if that was desirable. But the show went with the method that was the most dishonorable, apparently for shock value, and without much concern for internal consistency.I kind of agree  with you, especially that Alton's death was bit out of character for Jaime and his very own moral code of "clean deaths". It is odd that he could dispense a clean death but not his cousin. You can't might say this illustrates how truly desperate/reduced he was at the time - and I think he must have been on an all time low. But it was a really  good scene and I really liked it - just not the ramifications for Jaime's character
1289	Volantis	2012-10-19	I'm trying, really I am.  I'm trying hard to reconcile the liberties they're taking in this series, and go with the flow with the changes/additions/subtractions.  For the most part, I've done alright (save for anytime we see Ros on screen.)But Jaime is now a kinslayer.  Pointlessly, needlessly, it added nothing to the story that I can see.  Cleos was a goner anyway.  So what was wrong with the way GRRM wrote his death?Fail.Not to mention the dumbest escape attempt ever
1290	Volantis	2012-10-19	What I hated about this scene.Was in the name of fucking hell was Torrehen Karstark a fucking noble, guarding prisoners all by his goddam lonesome..1. One guard is just stupid even for 2 men.2. Nobles do not to guard duty in the middle of the night, maybe in command of other guards.3. Really wearing the Keys on your belt?4. Its a miracle Kingslayer didn't make a rope from the belts and grapple the keys.The whole scene was a stupid scene.Why do they need to make that Catelyns reason for freeing Jaime, when they fake killed Rickon and Bran anyway.Just bad writing
1291	Volantis	2013-01-05	Getting rid of a pointless character
1292	Rolex Baratheon	2013-01-05	Especially when he could've asked Alton to simply play dead to attract the guard's attention.
1293	MikeL	2013-01-18	C'mon guys.  I don't get where you're coming from to say it was out of character.  For starters we all accept that there is no where near as much time for character development on the screen as there is in the books (so things *must* be changed), however you do get to see their faces and that makes up for a lot.  Nikolaj Coster-Waldau plays Jaime with such complexity that you know there is a lot going on in his head, even if he is choosing the wisecrack things to say.  He's a smart tactician and he knows that if he can get out of the cell then he has a decent chance of getting free.  These camps aren't exactly Fort Knox, the look outs are watching beyond the camp, not within it.Did he have to kill him to get attention? probably not, but his number one goal was to escape, and to do that he had to create real violence, and do it quickly and (relatively) silently so that the injured Alton didn't scream and attract attention from the rest of the camp.  How does it make him any less complex for him to not really care about that kid? - he's probably killed quite a few before, and no one in Westeros really holds that against him.  That's whats so grounded about this show - so based on historical accounts of societies like this.  No one in that era had the luxury of valuing life for life's sake, it's only about what that life is good for.  Jaime isn't the type to get caught up in moral dilemmas, he just saw an opportunity and he took it. The guard wasn't expecting to get attacked when he entered - I mean it's not uncommon for prisoners to get into brawls, and that's part of what being a prison guard is.  That's undoubtedly another reason why Jaime knew he had to be quick as there would be other guards that would notice.I think those of you who are moralising about whether it was in character for Jaime are still imposing your own morals on the show.  Yes the change was expedient for screen time, but we've already established that Jaime will do anything as long as he holds to what is important to him, and Alton's life wasn't.
1294	Bolivar	2013-01-18	In the eyes of gods and men, no one is as accursed as the kinslayer.I'm honestly shocked that so many people on this forum, people who have been posting for quite a while, really liked the scene. The show is shitting all over Westerosi culture, but ok, I guess that's a nerdy thing for the book fans to get upset over. But they are totally mischaracterizing Jaime. The show wants the gratuitous, selfish violence because it draws in the big crowd.But in Jaime's eyes, he honestly doesn't see himself as a "bad" person. He truthfully believes that Bran was a malicious kid spying on people having sex, that it wasn't a grievous sin to throw him out the window in the heat of the moment. Randomly killing a Lannister is the absolute last thing Jaime would do."But they only have ten hours a season!" would be a semi-satisfactory defense if they weren't adding in so much made up, and frankly, poorly written garbage at the same time.
1295	MikeL	2013-01-19	It was when you said the tv series is shitting all over the books that you lost me.  In the words of GRRM himself...The Geek: So, you happy with the TV series?Martin: Oh yes, I love the TV series. I've been involved since the beginning. I'm an executive producer on it. And I write one script per season, so my involvement has been very active. Not like many novelists who simply sell the rights and then take a hands-off role. I've been intimately involved in the casting and of course I've written my own scripts. I talk constantly with David and Dan the executive producers and show runners. They've done an amazing job and stayed very faithful to the story. There've been some changes, but that's inevitable on a project like this. It's been a great ride so far and I hope it will continue for many years to comeRead more: http://www.smh.com.a...l#ixzz2IRD9XMyRI think the main disagreement we are having is that the people who didn't like that scene see it as gratuitous, and the people who did like it, don't.What makes you think that Jaime has that kind of loyalty to his family name? did he not forsake his claim to Casterly Rock by joining the King's Guard? I think that for pre-SOS Jaime, it would be completely in character for him to condemn his own children to death if Cersei's life was in danger and he was saving her in the process.  Everything he's ever done was about her, and that's why he would do anything to get back to her (including stupid impulsive escape attempts).
1296	Nezzer	2013-01-19	In the eyes of gods and men, no one is as accursed as the kinslayer.Yeah, and breaking guest rights and betraying your king as a Kinsguard are also very dishonorable and major crimes to that culture. But when did Jaime ever cared about these taboos? He's always despised them or do you seriously think Jaime would be worried about being "accursed" by gods and men? He even thought about killing Lancel, who is a first cousin and not just a very distant relative like Alton.There are some people that excuse all the bad stuff Jaime did before losing his hand only because of his redemption. They seem to forget that he wasn't just misunderstood, but that he's changed. Two-handed Jaime was a huge prick who cared nothing about anything other than Cersei and cared even less about these "rules" of society. That's why I think being a kinslayer is complety in-character for him, as he never cared about things like that. My only gripe with him killing Alton was that it was gratuitous and unnecessary, like MikeL said. He didn't need to kill Alton to escape, and that's why I don't like that scene. If he told him to feign death it would work the same way.
1297	Cruella	2013-01-21	My only gripe with him killing Alton was that it was gratuitous and unnecessary, like MikeL said. He didn't need to kill Alton to escape, and that's why I don't like that scene. If he told him to feign death it would work the same way.But that's kind of a biggie, isn't it? It turns a character from cruel guy ready to do anything to get home to crazy sociopath. I actually do believe that if it was a sure way to get back to Cersei, Jaime would kill his relative without much worry. But killing him when it's absolutely unnecessary is something that Ramsey Bolton would do. (not even mentioning that book Jaime would like Alton as shown here, just as he liked Loras). Not even Roose, because it's also STUPID - if Alton played-dead, they could overpower Karstark and guards together so much easier! So he not just killed a relative, but killed him for shits and giggles and counterproductive to his directive.Many people pointed out problems with this scene, like stupidity of Karstark guarding Jaime by himself. But what exactly was Jaime's plan here?1. Kill relative.2. ???3. Profit!Why would Karstark enter the cage after Jaime just violently attacked a prisoner? Why would he do it alone? What did he think was going to happen? Isn't Jaime in the middle of a camp? (He has to be, right? Or is Robb criminally stupid too?) What Jaime did after getting the key, isn't he surrounded by enemies? Including sentries. What exactly happened, did he kill sentries? Did he get a horse? What? You can't show escape plan and not show a difficult part of it. Why would he assume that Karstark is going to wander into his cell? I literally don't get Karstark's thought process here, why wouldn't he call people? He deserves some kind of Darwin award for sure. Why not ask Alton to pretend to be unconscious so they could, you know, together overpower the guards? Did Jaime just want to kill this likable guy for no reason whatsoever?
1298	Nezzer	2013-01-21	But that's kind of a biggie, isn't it? It turns a character from cruel guy ready to do anything to get home to crazy sociopath. I actually do believe that if it was a sure way to get back to Cersei, Jaime would kill his relative without much worry. But killing him when it's absolutely unnecessary is something that Ramsey Bolton would do. (not even mentioning that book Jaime would like Alton as shown here, just as he liked Loras). Not even Roose, because it's also STUPID - if Alton played-dead, they could overpower Karstark and guards together so much easier! So he not just killed a relative, but killed him for shits and giggles and counterproductive to his directive.Many people pointed out problems with this scene, like stupidity of Karstark guarding Jaime by himself. But what exactly was Jaime's plan here?1. Kill relative.2. ???3. Profit!Why would Karstark enter the cage after Jaime just violently attacked a prisoner? Why would he do it alone? What did he think was going to happen? Isn't Jaime in the middle of a camp? (He has to be, right? Or is Robb criminally stupid too?) What Jaime did after getting the key, isn't he surrounded by enemies? Including sentries. What exactly happened, did he kill sentries? Did he get a horse? What? You can't show escape plan and not show a difficult part of it. Why would he assume that Karstark is going to wander into his cell? I literally don't get Karstark's thought process here, why wouldn't he call people? He deserves some kind of Darwin award for sure. Why not ask Alton to pretend to be unconscious so they could, you know, together overpower the guards? Did Jaime just want to kill this likable guy for no reason whatsoever?Yeah, I get you. It's poorly written, but most book readers are complaining about it because of the kinslaying, which I don't think is a problem for a guy like Jaime. Anyway, it was a bad scene.
					
					
							Edited by Nezzer, 21 January 2013 - 06:30 AM.
1299	teemo	2012-05-13	It's getting harder to do this now with the show deviating so much from the books, but there are still plenty of things to nitpick at.  I'll start.  I didn't like Cersei's "the price we pay for our sins" speech and inferring that her and Jaime's incest made Joffrey mad like some of the Targaryens.  For one, Cersei never talks about her and Jaime having sex to anyone (that I recall?), especially Tyrion, and second, the price we pay for our sins....that doesn't sound right to me coming from her.  We need more evil Cersei.  Yes, I know she becomes super unhinged after Joffrey died, but she was never a saint by any means was always scheming and devious.  Even LF referred to her thinking she was a "player" in the ASOS.  She seems too pious in the show.  I'm still trying to decide whether or not I believe Jaime would actually kill a Lannister kid that idolizes him.And oh.  Shae is sooooo scary. Oh, yeah, and there are a couple rules to this thread, because it's been warned by moderators before.  Namely, don't make skeevy or perverted remarks about actresses' faces, breasts, sex scenes, etc. (coughYARA!)And for the good of the thread, it's supposed to be nitpicking without repercussion.  So basically, you can vent about anything you want without worrying about the retaliation of being called too picky or a purist. Feel free to debate the accuracy of a nitpick, but don't get mad at someone for going too overboard.  That's what makes the thread fun.
1300	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-14	Would telling Alton to play dead have been too hard? Really? /sleep.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='-_-' />
1301	Catastrophe	2012-05-14	Not to keep harping on the same point, but Jaime's actions were completely out-of-character, at least if you're going by the books. Book Jaime was ruthless, but I could never see him killing a fellow Lannister soldier and prisoner who idolized him. It's just too much.That said, it was a marvelous scene in its own right. I just can't ever see this version of Jaime wanting or finding redemption.
1302	Thunderfist	2012-05-14	Tywin Lannister was laughing and smiling, tune in for episode 8 where he will give Arya a piggy-back ride around Harrenhall
					
					
							Edited by Thunderfist, 14 May 2012 - 07:12 AM.
1303	KC_Accidental	2012-05-14	Not only did Cersei admit to Tyrion about her and Jamie but Jamie admitted it to Catelyn and Brienne! Beforehand (episode 1 or 2?) we had Jamie refuting the claims to Robb as being gossip from fishwives. Now all of a sudden he's admitting it in the presence of a complete stranger. I'm sure it doesn't make much difference with Cat and Brienne knowing but it's an inconsistency in his character.
I can maybe understand Tyrion at a push but Cersei was always angered by his joking accusations of their incest. For her to openly confide in him like that seemed wrong. And that's another thing, there doesn't seem to be as much distrust and scheming going on between Tyrion and Cersei as there was in the book. They've had their moments by all means but they're being balanced out by these touching scenes where she confides in him about Joffrey. I think they're great scenes but I don't think it sets the scene well for events later in the series. Not tragic but it's something I'm not keen on. I much preferred the hateful relationship than this one.
Xaro and Pyat Pree pulling of a coup and changing the social infrastructure of Qarth? Again it doesn't have a huge impact on events overall but why was it needed? I'm a little confused about Xaro's role in all that and will need to watch it again. Did he know about the dragon theft? Why bother lying about it so sincerely when moments later he flips it around? 
Jamie killing Alton was of course a bit of a shitty one. Out of character and didn't need to happen.
1304	KC_Accidental	2012-05-14	Tywin Lannister was laughing and smiling, tune in for episode 8 where he will give Arya a piggy-back ride around HarrenhallTHIS.
1305	sp1um	2012-05-14	Some have been said already, but they bother me still.
Bran and company not hiding in the crypts, although I have a feeling that somehow they backtracked and went hiding there after all. I guess we'll find out soon enough.
Xaro and Pyat in league to rule Qarth? WTF?
Cersei and Tyrion are friends now?
And of course the biggest one of them all, although it's not strictly about this episode: the Reeds...
1306	Thunderfist	2012-05-14	And what was the deal with the BFF-moment that Tyrion and Cersei shared. They both agree that Joffrey is the combination of Aerys II and Maegor the Cruel. At the rate this is going, Cersei will go "well you know, shit happens" when Joffrey gets offed in season 4
1307	KC_Accidental	2012-05-14	Oh yeah and I really don't like the new Mountain. He's tall but he's not as bulky as the original in season 1 and he doesn't give off the same menacing fear that you expect.
1308	isiman	2012-05-14	The two scenes were actually really good per se, but they generally have the negative effect in making the characters (Jaime and Cersei) much much less intersting.Jaime with his "code" and inner conflict is more intersting than ruthless Jaime, same story with Cersei: much better a halfmad full of rage than "all for my children even if one is mad/relating to Sansa" mom.
1309	Greywolf2375	2012-05-14	Cersei will go "well you know, shit happens" when Joffrey gets offed in season 4That would be the best scene ever filmed if she did that then "more wine please"
1310	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-14	Oh, a positive nitpick: Roose looked badass in his furs and stuff.
1311	Dread Pirate Euron	2012-05-14	-John Snow is an idiot now apparently
- I think they're dropping Jamies redemption arc. There's no sight of the mummers anyways.
- The Jeyne story is annoying me but I guess it's not that different from the book 
-Who is going to save Rickon?
- Tyrion and Cersei are buddybuddy now? And Cersei is bad talking one of her children? What is going on here?
I love the new additions to Dany's story. The 13 getting their throats slit was great.
1312	Reposado	2012-05-14	very minor nitpick here:  sansa and shae are going to flip a mattress by lifting both sides of it simultaneously. really curious to see what their next move would have been if the hound hadnt showed up
1313	Thunderfist	2012-05-14	very minor nitpick here:  sansa and shae are going to flip a mattress by lifting both sides of it simultaneously. really curious to see what their next move would have been if the hound hadnt showed upWell if they both lift it up, they can just flip it around to have it top down
1314	House Balstroko	2012-05-14	-The Harrenhal scenes are great, but it lacks the level of grit from the book. Arya doesn't seem to face that much hardship.
- Jon chasing after Ygritte. I get that they want to establish their future relationship, but if he gets caught by the wildlings then the killing of Qhorin won't have the same effect. If they are forced to fight, then Jon will only fight to survive rather than give the impression of turning over to the wildlings. That would change the dynamic with Mance later on
I think that's about it.
1315	Tourniquet	2012-05-14	If they have Cat release Jaime just so he isn't killed by the Karstarks instead of because she hears the news of Bran and Rickon's death I'll be bummed...
1316	Reposado	2012-05-14	Well if they both lift it up, they can just flip it around to have it top downI would love to see.that comedy of errors. will they flip it like a pancake? rotate it lengthwise? here's another, more significant one: what the hell is ghost doing? he couldn't track the halfhand? has he abandoned jon. maybe that's just good writing. ghost decided jon snow is an idiot and is the halfhand's wolf now
1317	kungtotte	2012-05-14	For some things they stay incredibly true to the books, and even when they have to change things up they still manage to keep the same tone and keep everything nice and consistent, but for other things it's like they threw the books out the window and are making up completely new things as they go along.
I don't like the change to the Jon/Ygritte/Qhorin arc at all. I haven't found a single redeeming quality about the new arc, and from what it looks like I doubt that they can salvage this. This change is just bad, bad, bad.
I also don't like the change to the Cat/Brienne/Jaime arc. They haven't dug themselves quite as deep as with Jon and Ygritte so I think with some quality writing they can still make it work in the end, but I just have to wonder why they change so much. Even if they have to cut out the Bloody Mummers arc they still have to give Jaime a redemption arc to make up for it, otherwise they are irrevocably changing the character development for the remainder of the series.
Please stop changing things that don't need to be changed!
1318	DirtyRobes	2012-05-14	Not only did Cersei admit to Tyrion about her and Jamie but Jamie admitted it to Catelyn and Brienne! Beforehand (episode 1 or 2?) we had Jamie refuting the claims to Robb as being gossip from fishwives. Now all of a sudden he's admitting it in the presence of a complete stranger. I'm sure it doesn't make much difference with Cat and Brienne knowing but it's an inconsistency in his character.Perfectly said, even to non-book viewers this is weird. I had a non-book friend message me after watching this ep "Yeah, isnt it kinda funny how both Jamie and Cersei just both admit they fu*k now??"Also whilst I try not to nitpick(just cause I think it becomes more and more obvious on rewatch) but WHERE THE FU*K IS GHOST??? I could accept that the Wildlings only Just caught him, but in the preview of next week he's being presented to the Lord of Bones...Surely even non-book viewers are gonna ask "Where is that Gigantic Wolf while all this is happening?"I'm sure someone will argue budget issues, which is understandable but if thats the case why put Jon in peril when he was never meant to be there? He and the rangers had plenty to do this season without being separated & IMO as a result Qhorin's death just wont mean as much, even if it is his command.Its a real shame we wont see the Eagle or the rangers drop off 1 by 1(would have made great TV).I can even deal with the terrible dialogue between Dull Snow/Ygritte, but whats the point in having an incredible Wolf protector if its just never gonna be there.
1319	David Selig	2012-05-14	Jaime admitted that Joffrey was his son to Catelyn in the books too during their talk before she released him.  Given that in the show he didn't expect to last the night, and the rumor about twincest was already widely known thanks to Stannis, it's hardly a surprise that he admitted it. Why not be honest in your last conversation ever?
1320	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-14	So later on in the series, "kinslaying" is shown to be a crime perhaps worse than "kingslaying". Yet Jaime beats his distant cousin to death as a part of his escape plan? Hasn't he heard of "playing dead"?
To paraphrase Tywin from season one, Alton may have been a lesser Lannister but he was still one of them.
1321	bikie	2012-05-14	I think they dropped the ball on bran and rickon's cliffhanger, they couldn't have been more obvoious about what was going on, and no one I've spoken to or heard from taht didn't read the books thinks they are dead.
I also think they have lost all steam with the battle of blackwater. it will just appear in episode 9 without the buildup I think it deserved.
1322	Sand11751	2012-05-14	Because I live for genuine Sansa & Sandor scenes - what was the point of him being in the room after she has her period? I get that he's drawn to her, but that was creepy and foolish. The scenes between them that should have happened (truth about how he got burned, "Enough!) abandoned for that nonsense? As a sort-of aside, his words to her about "you'll be glad of the hateful things I do" made me wonder if Joffrey & Sansa ever married, whether Sandor would have paralleled Jaime, standing outside the bedchamber as another tyrant king abuses his queen, or if he would've gone all kingslayer too? These are things I ponder when the show doesn't give me shit else to work with.  
Speaking of kingslayers, such a waste of that conversation between Cat and Jaime - Taunts? Check. Rudeness to Brienne? Check. Admitting he's only been with Cersei in front of Brienne? WTF. This is the secret he almost killed Bran for and a couple of eps back, he wouldn't even admit the incest to Robb. Now he's fine with a stranger knowing? A few weeks of being covered in your own shit wears Jaime down? Not buying it. And that crap with Alton? Jaime is desperate but he's not that cruel.
When since did Tyrion and Cersei become confidantes? Did she really admit to the incest in front of Tyrion? This would be the brother she gave the "love someone so I can take her from you" speech last week, right? Did she speak ill of her own child?
1323	Lord Over	2012-05-14	You've all done such a bang up job that I don't know what else is there to say...
I like Cersei, she is a good character to hate (whereas others like Euron fail miserably IMHO) but I don't like this trend of making her, what's the word....sympathetic? Tragic?
Talisa brazenly looking at the kings tent in spite of Robb joking about her being a spy. Atleast with Tywin they've tried to 'dignify' the charade by making Tywin correct Arya. Talisa, on the other hand, straight up pole-vault over the social ladder.
1324	Evamitchelle	2012-05-14	I would have preferred it if Jaime had been drunk during that last conversation (he's a bit too chatty for a sober man here IMO). But to all the people who're surprised at him admitting to the incest in front of Cat and Brienne, that's exactly what he does in the books too. In Jaime's first POV in Storm Brienne is already aware that he threw Bran out the window and that he's in love with Cersei and he tells Cat right before she frees him. However it's wildly out of character for Cersei to admit to the incest in front of Tyrion and muse on about sins and such. She doesn't give a shit about past sins. You win or you die. And she'll do anything to come out on top.
1325	kkae	2012-05-14	I have convinced myself that Cat will cut Jaime's hand.
1326	Winterfellian	2012-05-14	I liked this episode better than the last one but it still falls short.
- Jaime the kinslayer...am not buying it. I don't mind so much that he admitted the incest in front of Catelyn and Brienne (he did admit it in the books as well, at least to Brienne) but I just don't see him murdering a Lannister
- Why can't Catelyn free Jaime after hearing from Bran and Rickon's death like in the books? 
- The Jon ang Ygritte storyline is sooooo boring. Thir pointless chatter, wondering about and not to mention the catch and realease game they have going on is a recipe for sheer boredom for me. I will hate it if Jon doesn't kill the halfhand on command like on the books. This by far has been the most disappointing part of all the season.
- The Qarth storyline I will reserve my judgement until the end. But I actually like not knowing what is going t happen next.
1327	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-14	I have convinced myself that Cat will cut Jaime's hand.Oh good Lord no...You've made me very nervous for next week now /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1328	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2012-05-14	This episode was just the final nail in the coffin....WTF did I just watch?
 Its clear at this point that HBO just doesn't give an F about the books.
This was just a disgusting episode. And the only scene I really liked was Arya and Tywin which of course didn't even occur in the books.
1329	Planetary	2012-05-14	Tywin Lannister was laughing and smiling, tune in for episode 8 where he will give Arya a piggy-back ride around HarrenhallYou're right, the showrunners really overstepped their bounds by giving the audience more Tywin/Charles Dance at the expense of a minor, two-dimensional character who has no bearing on events in the long-run. And to pair a great actor like Dance with the amazing talent of Maisie Williams is offensive to George R.R. Martin and an affront to book-readers everwhere! Let us weep for the tragically shortchanged Ser Amory Lorch. </sarcasm>Are some of you guys for real? Rose Leslie was incredible last night and the Ygritte scenes have singlehandedly revived what was becoming a maddeningly boring plot thread north of the wall. She was witty, she was hilarious, and she was completely believable in relentlessly mocking Jon Snow.This season has stumbled in places, but for the most part it's clear the writers are more confident and comfortable enough to deviate from the source material for the sake of the narrative. And the books are good reads, but there are problems with using each book as a script -- season one was great despite enough expository dialogue to make George Lucas jealous. I don't think these deviations are taken lightly, and I don't think they happen without input from GRRM.
1330	Stanmore	2012-05-14	So was any one acting 'in character' in that episode?
We have Jaime killing his cousin for a futile and pointless escape attempt.
We have Jon Snow wandering around Iceland, arguing to Ygritte about what it means to be a virgin, not seeming to care that Ghost and his brothers are nowhere to be seen.
We've got Robb Stark and his holywood romance
Dany and her "I can't trust anyone" ranting
Xaro and his coup
Pyat Pree the dragon stealing dodecatuplet
Cersi unburdening her troubles to her beloved brother Tyrion
Shae threatening random maids to protect her new best friend Sansa.
Um... I guess Theon was acting like Theon so that's a plus.
1331	Frumpus	2012-05-14	I actually can believe Jaime killing a cousin he doesn't even remember. The guy's been locked up and grown desperate, and I think rather than having an actual escape attempt, he wanted to do something that would put him out of his misery. He knew he wasn't getting out of there alive with his plan. So why would killing his cousin matter?
I don't get how things are going to unfold with all of the changes, but perhaps that's a good thing because then it becomes less predictable.
And I for one, am happy there are no Reeds.
1332	SirPipeWeed	2012-05-14	I wondering if GRRM is using the series to make adjustments to things he didn't like in the books.  How much influence does he have in the show's script?
1333	Pliny	2012-05-14	Arya/Tywin: Considering only what we've seen of these two and their interactions in the show only, Arya fantasizing about sticking a knife in Tywin's neck seems like pushing it. I'm not saying she's thinking of him now as the sweet ol'grandpappy the Mad King took away from her, or that she's forgotten that the Lannisters are her family's enemy, just that Arya's not yet becoming killing machine Arya yet, a this, to me, seemed like an abrupt change from what we've seen of them thus far.Jaime's Cousin-smashing: it's already been discussed. Every other minute of his on-screen time this week was great. In the end, maybe it won't matter that much, but as I was watching it happen, my gut was saying "this isn't right."Editing: okay- here's 24 seconds of Sansa/Hound. There were a few other jarring cuts as well.Sansa's flowering: the dream leading into the discovery, her reaction- brilliant. I also liked Cersei's and Sansa's "heart-to-heart." The line about "you may never love the king, but you'll love his children" always stuck out to me from the novel as a really grounded, good piece of advice woman to woman, for those in a world of arranged marriage. Two nitpicks: Shae is Sansa's new BFF? I just don't see her taking risks for anybody. Also, how did the Hound get to Sansa's bedside so quickly? Was he in the closet? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Cersei/Tyrion Heart-to-heart: maybe I am really not remembering correctly, but didn't something similar to this occur in one of the books? Maybe Cersei was worrying about Jaime instead, but I seem to remember Tyrion being surprised at her vulnerability, trying to comfort her, and having her recoil, which really hurt his feelings. Or am I dreaming?Jon/Ygritte: Ghost is noticeably absent. I think I cringed practically the whole time I read any Jon/Ygritte chapters, but the actress playing her is making her likable in my eyes. She's doing a great job. Their storyline, though, is pretty boring so far, and Jon doesn't come off very well. I hope the writers can help him out a bit.Dagmer: I can't remember who, but somebody posited last week, or the week before that Dagmer=Reek=Ramsay. It kind of blew my mind at the time, but now it's looking like he might be right. Not really a nitpick, but wow.Dead Bran/Rickon: I'm not sure it was really so different in the books, was it? I mean, essentially? My husband who hasn't gotten that far in the books yet, seemed to know right away that those bodies weren't really Bran and Rickon. I've read a few other examples of non-readers not being fooled. What made it so unbelievable, I wonder? Or maybe their reactions are more of a "nah, they wouldn't really kill off the two kids."
1334	Acetabularia	2012-05-14	I guess one should start with the positive things first:I like that they gave Pyat a bigger role, giving the warlocks a really creepy touch. Something I sort of missed in the book. (You have a spooky house, big deal)Well, the bad stuff...Tywin Lannister was laughing and smiling, tune in for episode 8 where he will give Arya a piggy-back ride around HarrenhallCersei and Tyrion can join them! And then Jaime will put a crossbow quarrel through their guts! Or am I confusing things?I don't like the change to the Jon/Ygritte/Qhorin arc at all. I haven't found a single redeeming quality about the new arc, and from what it looks like I doubt that they can salvage this. This change is just bad, bad, bad.I'm not even sure how Qhorin is going to be added in here... I'm pretty sure that the Rattleshirt (where was he by the way?) and the other wildlings would've killed Jon on the spot if Ygritte didn't propose to take him back to Mance, which leads to the Qhorin duel, blah, blah, etc.And I guess both Rickon and Bran are going beyond the wall... without anyone to tell Bran that he isn't delusional.And this is for Jon, Rickon and Bran... where are ghost, shaggy dog and summer?
1335	Vandalism	2012-05-14	Look ma, it's the Beanpole that Rides!
1336	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-14	And this is for Jon, Rickon and Bran... where are ghost, shaggy dog and summer?We saw Shaggydog and Summer while they were all walking towards the farm.I think Ghost will come back soon. Doesn't he go off scouting on his own in the book? Jon sees the hordes of wildlings through Ghost's eyes remember, before the eagle attacks Ghost.The last we saw Ghost was only one night ago I think. Just before they attacked the wildling cliftop outpost, Jon watched Ghost disappear off somewhere. He's slept with Ygritte once since then. Ghost disappearing for a night isn't that much of a stretch.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Ashford, 14 May 2012 - 12:21 PM.
1337	Maria Underfoot	2012-05-14	So was any one acting 'in character' in that episode?We have Jaime killing his cousin for a futile and pointless escape attempt.We have Jon Snow wandering around Iceland, arguing to Ygritte about what it means to be a virgin, not seeming to care that Ghost and his brothers are nowhere to be seen.We've got Robb Stark and his holywood romanceDany and her "I can't trust anyone" rantingXaro and his coupPyat Pree the dragon stealing dodecatupletCersi unburdening her troubles to her beloved brother TyrionShae threatening random maids to protect her new best friend Sansa.Um... I guess Theon was acting like Theon so that's a plus. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />Good job, you've nailed every problem there is with the way they're portraying characters.I fully enjoyed this episode. I found the Theon scenes awesome (Peter, you've got some competition, cause Alfie is fantastic). Quarth didn't really bother me, though Dany is getting bossier and louder, thus more annoying (who would have thought that possible)  But while entertainment-wise this episode was great, I can't fail to think that they're changing the characters.Why are they so intent on making Cersei the good guy? And with Jaime killing his cousin so coldly, it's going to be hard to move on with his redemption. Non-readers linger on first impressions, and after this scene I think they'll hate Jaime even more. And I am annoyed because he ought to be liked, because he's awesome.On a more positive tone: Sansa's flowering was nice										Theon's story is moving ahead brilliantly										Iain Glenn is so handsome. (he's actually made me a Dany/Jorah shipper!!!)										Actress playing Ygritte is really good. (though all that talk about sex and bones and naked girls, was too long.. There are no actual sex scenes and they're trying to replace them by talking about them for more than 5 minutes, when we haven't see Stannis in 5 episodes???)
					
					
							Edited by Maria Underfoot, 14 May 2012 - 12:20 PM.
1338	Vandalism	2012-05-14	So the Thirteen of Qarth apparently have a really bad security set up. Best city ever my ass.
1339	Kittykatknits	2012-05-14	I was OK with the Tywin/Arya dynamic at first but it's getting silly. I'm officially laying odds that he's going to adopt her and make her his heir by the end of the season.
Jaime killing his cousin? Not his character at all. He's not an enemy and I just don't see it. He didn't kill Brienne, someone who he would have cared about even less, so why kill a cousin?
Am I the only one that starts laughing during Dany scenes now? Xaro makes himself king and I just busted out laughing. I figured Dany would start on her fire and blood speech. The best scene for Dany was the one between her and Jorah. He's the only part of her storyline I'm enjoying. Sorry, the stolen dragons do nothing for me. She's going to get them back.
I'm pretty ticked off that they made it look as if The Hound told on Sansa to Cersei. That's just not in his character and makes even less sense after his protection comment. I'm hoping that turns out not to be the case.
The Cersei and Tyrion scene was awkward. I really miss Cersei from the books. In fact, I'm surprised at how much I do.
Martin is so good at showing class and gender divisions. He's consistent when it comes to the treatment of small folk and treatment of women. But, the show seems so random in comparison. Mrycella is shipped off to Dorne but Tywin's new BFF is a cupbearer?
Also, I really miss Ros. /sarcasm
1340	Gogossos	2012-05-14	Do they really have to keep killing off every Dothraki we see?
1341	Maria Underfoot	2012-05-14	I've already nitpicked, but I need to make another complaint regarding Stannis. They've given him so little screen time, most people have forgotten he is a contestant in the Game. Most of my non-reader friends are not sure who he really is, let alone who Davos is. I'm getting the impression they're so focused on the Starks, the Lannisters and Dany that they neglect his Grace the Awesomeness, Stannis.If he ends up on the Iron Throne, while most of us book-readers will cheer, the rest will be like ''oh that guy? who cares about him?''
1342	Thunderfist	2012-05-14	Are some of you guys for real?I am for real! Did you happen to read the title of this thread:    "Nitpick without repercussion!"So take your repercussion elsewhere!
					
					
							Edited by Thunderfist, 14 May 2012 - 01:01 PM.
1343	Morvran	2012-05-14	Sunday night's viewing left me annoyed and unfulfilled.  Most of all I felt like they could have played with the audience a little more regarding Rickon and Bran.  They could have made new viewers actually think Theon killed the boys.  In the book of course we know they didn't, and the whole fun of that section is watching everyone else react to the misinformation, but I thought they went the wrong way with it in the show, even going so far as to add in the cheesy "Oh gee look Rickon, there's where those two orphan boys live that look just like us!  Ok, let's continue our tour!".
Tywin is having a grand old time with his cup bearer.  Wha???!!??  Our Tywin wouldn't do that.  Though I really like the banter, it doesn't make sense for the character.  People are supposed to be hating Tywin, not loving him.
Jon and Ygritte are fine so far for me.  Ghost used to wander off in the book all the time btw, and was gone for large chunks of time.
Qarth; I agree that it's kind of nice to not know what's coming next.
Jamie; doesn't fit per se but as long as they make him an asshole
1344	Lexicdark	2012-05-14	I was almost sure that Tyrion and Cersi were going to hug at the end of their little chat!  *shakes head*  While I think that Cersi had a lot of inner thoughts about Joffrey's cruelty, she never would have voiced them.  That was just the wierdest scene ever.And I know we have seen the wild fire... but we haven't heard anythign about the chain.  And with Stannis apparently a week away, you would think that would have been started by now.
					
					
							Edited by Lexicdark, 14 May 2012 - 12:46 PM.
1345	jarl the climber	2012-05-14	I do not think Jamies escape attempt was futile, the Stark army is in Lannister territory. Do have a problem with how Jon is portrayed, in  many ways in the books, Jon is a more humble and polite version of Robb and is a decent subordinate for the most part. In the show I find myself womdering what the Old Bear ever saw in him much less giving him his families Valyrian sword.
Not particularly bothered by the Tyrion and Cersei scene. Despite her loathing of Tyrion he is probaly one of the few people she can be honest with,. There are times in the book that she at least pretends to be amiacable with him(ACOK).
Shaes behaivor can be explained if she is trying to earn Sansas trust. Sandors appearance could be that he had simply come to fetch Sansa for some other reason.
I think Tywin beleives his cup bearer is a noble and he is having fun trying to get her to slip up, Peytr might have told him who she is all ready, it doesn't make a difference to him as she is a captive anyway. This sets up the great Arya hunt that will continue for the next couple of seasons and that was implied in the books and culminated with the massacre at Saltpans.
1346	UncertainPerson	2012-05-14	Most disappointing thing has been Bran and Rickon's death. In the book I was actually brought to tears when I found out but NOBODY who watches the show only thinks they are dead.
They made it way too obvious.... I was really looking forward to seeing people's reactions when they find out Bran and Rickon are still alive but they messed up pretty badly IMO here.
They should have avoided any talk of the miller's boys, and should NOT have shown that small scene with Bran and Rickon.
1347	teemo	2012-05-14	I am glad to find out that TV Tywin is not a moron, but what about TV Arya?  Is Arya that dumb where she would go on and on about history like that?  She didn't just say an educated sentence and then kind of get uncomfortable for sharing too much, she was naming dragons and talking about Valryian steel, etc. etc.  Would she have ever made it so obvious she could read?  Book Arya is just so freakin' cautious and does everything she can to play the part of a low-born.  Out. of. character.And I am getting more uncomfortable with the Cersei/Tyrion scene by the minute.  I can't believe for a second that Cersei would ever mention her incest to Tyrion, let along cry about her past sins.  Reaalllyyyy? If she's game-playing Tyrion I can give it a pass, but it didn't look that way to me.And I'm not going back through the thread because I keep getting errors, but I agree with whoever said Sandor being over Sansa's bed was kind of creepy.  What was up with that?Also, is there a guy named Stannis in the show?  Doesn't he want to be a king or something and has that red-haired priestess woman following him?  Whatever happened to that guy?What's weird about the episodes this season is that to me, anyway, they seem to start out really awkward and the scenes don't flow well.  I don't know what it is, but things just seem off.  Dialogue is choppy and I keep facepalming.  By the end of the episode it's usually a lot better, but it's like they have to build up to being any good.If Jon breaks his vows without any orders from the Halfhand I will be really upset.  And that's not just a nitpick.  That would be totally ruining his story.  But they have three more episodes with him to kill, so I'm sure they can do it.  I liked Ygritte, but wow, they really went over the top with her seduction stuff.  I actually kind of liked this episode, regardless of my bazillion nitpicks.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 14 May 2012 - 01:14 PM.
1348	teemo	2012-05-14	You're right, the showrunners really overstepped their bounds by giving the audience more Tywin/Charles Dance at the expense of a minor, two-dimensional character who has no bearing on events in the long-run. And to pair a great actor like Dance with the amazing talent of Maisie Williams is offensive to George R.R. Martin and an affront to book-readers everwhere! Let us weep for the tragically shortchanged Ser Amory Lorch. </sarcasm>Are some of you guys for real?Why would you come to a thread that was created for people to bitch, and then bitch about them bitching?
1349	Thunderfist	2012-05-14	Why would you come to a thread that was created for people to bitch, and then bitch about them bitching?Clearly he wanted to show us that heÂ´s the biggest bitch!
1350	Faraday	2012-05-14	They should have avoided any talk of the miller's boys, and should NOT have shown that small scene with Bran and Rickon.Wouldn't have mattered - it's fairly obvious they're not going to kill Bran and Rickon won't be randomly killed off screen. I don't think it's supposed to be a cliffhanger in the show, anyway. The audience aren't supposed to be fooled, surely? Just the members of Winterfell.Hated hated hated Jaime killing Alton. Stupid. Ruined a perfect scene otherwise.Don't have a large problem with Cat freeing Jaime without knowing about Bran (well I assume that's what'll happen) - she thought he was going to be killed thus ruining any chance of getting Sansa/Arya back so it makes sense, her motivations are still fine.Dany's scenes are meh, agree with the person that said her scene with Jorah was the best. Definitely her strongest scene. I don't really buy 'Ducksauce' (I'm aware that's not how it's spelled but /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> ) at all and the dragon stealing is fairly 'meh'.Overall though I really enjoyed the episode, the Jaime thing is the biggest pet peeve of mine, though. Felt if they'd gotten it right it would have been much better overall; still a very good episode though.
1351	teemo	2012-05-14	I'm kind of worried that the House of the Undying scene, which I have looked forward to for so long, is going to be reduced to a frantic dragonhunt.
1352	Lexicdark	2012-05-14	I am glad to find out that TV Tywin is not a moron, but what about TV Arya?  Is Arya that dumb where she would go on and on about history like that?  She didn't just say an educated sentence and then kind of get uncomfortable for sharing too much, she was naming dragons and talking about Valryian steel, etc. etc.  Would she have ever made it so obvious she could read?  Book Arya is just so freakin' cautious and does everything she can to play the part of a low-born.  Out. of. character.I can see the history about the dragons and weapons being something a commoner could know.  Those are really old stories/tales, so people who know them would tell a young girl who likes dragon stories.  But the rest, she is treading on dangerous ground.  I liked Tywin pointing out Arya's use of "My Lord" verse "M'Lord".  But I also liked that in true defiant Arya style, she stood her ground.
1353	Stanmore	2012-05-14	I'm kind of worried that the House of the Undying scene, which I have looked forward to for so long, is going to be reduced to a frantic dragonhunt.Same here. That's one of my favourite Dany chapters, and I've been waiting to see it on screen since I read it. Granted, that was only about 2 months ago in my case but I still know how you feel /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1354	teemo	2012-05-14	I can see the history about the dragons and weapons being something a commoner could know.  Those are really old stories/tales, so people who know them would tell a young girl who likes dragon stories.  But the rest, she is treading on dangerous ground.  I liked Tywin pointing out Arya's use of "My Lord" verse "M'Lord".  But I also liked that in true defiant Arya style, she stood her ground.Didn't Arya think about the "m'lord" vs. "my lord" thing before and was careful to say "m'lord" around Roose?  I don't have the books with me right now so I can't say for certain, but I just remember how careful she was with Roose.  Also, I noticed that she didn't even end most of her sentences with Tywin with "my lord" in the show.  She just seemed kind of disrespectful for a cupbearer to someone so high in nobility in general, and Arya was always more careful than that.  But TV Tywin was allowing it and she's just a kid, so I guess it's okay.  It's just weird seeing how much Arya struggled in the books, and it's like Disneyland here on the show.  Not only did she get an awesome upgrade from nothing to Lord of Casterly Rock's cupbearer, but grandpa Tywin also treats her like a relative - feeds her, jokes with her, lets her backtalk and spill wine all over the table without being punished....it's a lot of fun at HBO Harrenhal.
1355	erolyn	2012-05-14	I was actually a bit annoyed by the Dany/Jorah scene in this one. "I have no need of trust." I feel like the point of their relationship is that he's one of the only people she does trust. If she already doesn't trust him at this point (or doesn't care if she should trust him or not), are we going to care next season when she finds out he's betrayed her?
1356	Acetabularia	2012-05-14	We saw Shaggydog and Summer while they were all walking towards the farm.The last we saw Ghost was only one night ago I think. Just before they attacked the wildling cliftop outpost, Jon watched Ghost disappear off somewhere. He's slept with Ygritte once since then. Ghost disappearing for a night isn't that much of a stretch.My problem is less with Ghost's absence and more with Shaggydog's and especially Summer's. But that might just be me remembering the book wrong. I just remember Summer being a constant companion, always there either physically or in Bran's dreams.
1357	teemo	2012-05-14	I was actually a bit annoyed by the Dany/Jorah scene in this one. "I have no need of trust." I feel like the point of their relationship is that he's one of the only people she does trust. If she already doesn't trust him at this point (or doesn't care if she should trust him or not), are we going to care next season when she finds out he's betrayed her?I also got the impression that she was implying that she didn't trust him.  That was weird....?  Did I see that wrong?  Dany trusted Jorah more than anyone else in the world.  I'm glad I don't care about Dany's storyline or am a Dany/Jorah shipper... I'd be really upset....
1358	erolyn	2012-05-14	I also got the impression that she was implying that she didn't trust him.  That was weird....?  Did I see that wrong?  Dany trusted Jorah more than anyone else in the world.  I'm glad I don't care about Dany's storyline or am a Dany/Jorah shipper... I'd be really upset....I'm totally a shipper, that's why I'm upset. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
1359	Lexicdark	2012-05-14	...and it's like Disneyland here on the show.  Not only did she get an awesome upgrade from nothing to Lord of Casterly Rock's cupbearer, but grandpa Tywin also treats her like a relative - feeds her, jokes with her, lets her backtalk and spill wine all over the table without being punished....it's a lot of fun at HBO Harrenhal.Hahaha!  I couldn't agree more.  I think it is super wierd that she isn't super cafeful.  I do appreciate that even though it has changed, she still has that edge to her.  Doing her own thing, thinking she knows best, and not letting others mold her into what they want.
1360	kephv	2012-05-14	I'm not really liking Dany's storyline. Seems like a cheesy, unnecessary soap opera. And I don't like the changes to Jon or his storyline either. They've made him completely incompetent and stupid.
Jaime killing Alton I didn't mind, even though, as others have pointed out, killing him was completely unnecessary. I love every scene with Arya so far, even if it does push the limits of believability -- for one, why the hell is she still wearing her traveling rags? Surely her grandpa Tywin would've given her some nice new cupbearer threads by now?
They also completely blew the chance to have believable Rickon and Bran fake deaths. They should've given Bran another green dream where he sees them hanged, and just been a lot more subtle over all. It was just poorly handled as is.
1361	protar	2012-05-14	They killed off the Spice King?!!? WTF!!
1362	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-14	They killed off the Spice King?!!? WTF!!I don't think you're allowed to talk shit to Dany in-verse and live. Qotho, Mago, the Spice King... what did these three heroes have in common?
1363	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-14	They killed off the Spice King?!!? WTF!!Ah yes, the obligatory "taking care of Family Business" scene to show that Pyat Pree and Xaro and two dudes not to be messed with.Did enjoy Pree's "magic" though.
1364	teemo	2012-05-14	Yeah, the Spice King was the only part of Dany's storyline I was enjoying this season, so I knew they'd kill him.
1365	teemo	2012-05-14	They also completely blew the chance to have believable Rickon and Bran fake deaths. They should've given Bran another green dream where he sees them hanged, and just been a lot more subtle over all. It was just poorly handled as is.This would have been so cool.  Why aren't you writing the show?  Granted, I was like 15 when I read ACOK for the first time, but I was totally fooled that they died, and was hoping that it would be like that on the show.  Maybe they didn't want people to get all pissed off or upset about murdering children on television when they didn't really die.  *shrug*  It was a really lame way to handle a chilling storyline though.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 14 May 2012 - 02:52 PM.
1366	Mista C	2012-05-14	I liked the Jamie scene up until the murder/escape.  Here is my problem with it:  The Kingslayer is the most valuable prisoner in the Stark camp and he is even in his own stockade, which is being constantly monitored by several guards.  Jamie starts violently smashing in the head of his cousin.  Just minutes before, a guard walked by and told them to shut up because they were talking too loudly.  But no one comes over, or sees Jamie bashing in his cousin's head.  Then, once the guard does open the door to the stockade, he's by himself.  Not with several other guards, (because this is the Kingslayer) but completely alone.  Jamie then strangles him and again, not one other guard walks by while he is doing this.  There probably are guards whose only job it is, is to sit and look at that stockade, but none of them are around at this point.  Once he is strangled, Jamie then needs to find a key to unlock his shackles.  With him being such a valuable prisoner, the key for his individual shackles would probably have been kept on the other side of the camp, but of course, the guard that came in to investigate has the key on him.  Then, once Jamie is done taking his shackles off, he has to escape the camp.  Let me repeat that: HE HAS TO ESCAPE THE CAMP THAT IS ROAMING WITH 15,000 NORTH MEN.  His stockade was not at the edge of camp near the woods, it was probably right smack in the middle of the camp itself!  You're telling me that he just snuck through the camp, around tents, and not ONE SINGLE NORTH MAN noticed him and said "Holy Shit, it's the Kingslayer".  Poor, poor storytelling in my opinion.  I was somewhat ok with it last night while I watched it, but today, now that I've had a chance to think about it, it stinks.
					
					
							Edited by Mista C, 14 May 2012 - 02:55 PM.
1367	Lord Ravenfrost	2012-05-14	I agree with most of what's being said on the thread here, that being said a couple of points I think are being blown out of proportion.
Firstly we'll start with the mountain. I think they found the best replacement possible with whatever resources they have. The body type needed to make The Mountain close to what he was in the book is virtually impossible to find in the real world unless you get a professional wrestler to play him. Being a tall person myself I have to say that being tall and built like a brick shit house doesn't happen normally. Genetically tall people are not predisposed to being very thick with muscles. People like The Mountain just don't exist in the real world in any kind of abundance.
Secondly I see people wondering where Stannis is. When the writers eliminated Storm's End as a setting they cut out any filler for his story. It makes perfect sense for him to be gone when he's been written out. What would they do as a replacement? Show him and Davos sharing counsel? Making battle plans? Idk I'm glad they haven't forced any unnecessary Stannis scenes on us and I'm perfectly fine with just seeing him suddenly appearing at the blackwater with his army. 
  Jon's story is being completely screwed over and it's making me sort of angry. Here's how I think it's gonna go down from here. Jon will be marched off to see Mance and at some point the half hand will be caught too. While those two are being held the half hand will tell Jon he will have to kill him soon and go over to the free folk. Jon will protest and want to die along side his brothers and the half hand will tell him how important it is to find out what Mance is doing, and how he will need to learn as much as he can before he returns to his brothers. While this still works in the end I think it's really stupid.
I really hated what they've done to Dany's story as well. She comes off as this stupid girl who is prone to temper tantrums, I never got that from her character in the books. They've made her too proud IMO and it's gonna be hard for folks to respect her later on when she really starts to show who she is as a person. IDK maybe it will be alright. I'm looking forward to her meeting Ser Barriston later and next season when she acquires her army in Astapor. I actually did like Xaro and Pree taking control of Qarth, it will make more sense to non-book people when Xaro shows up in Meereen to try and convince Dany to leave. Then when she doesn't he'll declare war on behalf of Qarth.
I've enjoyed Harrenhall a lot but if they don't have Tywin leave soon I'm gonna freak out. Also would it kill them to maybe mention more info about The Brotherhood Without Banners like maybe who's the leader and IDK maybe how many times he's been killed? Beric shouldn't be glossed over like he is and they've done so at every opportunity. Why? He was in the first season and now he's not even mentioned and it isn't like it would've cost any money to fit him into the dialog. I really wonder what the writers are thinking at times.
I also think they should've had Jaime escape with Alton rather than kill him. It looks like now it will be just Brienne and him which I guess works but I liked Cleos/Alton as comic relief.. I think the things the writers have done with Jaime otherwise is pretty awesome.I'm looking forward to him hurling insults at brienne all next season.
I think Bran's story may still work out even though nobody thinks they are dead. I think they will still emerge from the crypts and find a dying Luwin and perhaps the Reed's will show up as they're leaving the castle who knows.I find it difficult to believe that Bran will just prophetically dream he has to go beyond the wall, but I wouldn't put it past the writers to take even more shortcuts with the story. 
Theon has been brilliant in every scene this season nothing to bitch about here.
Tyrion has been awesome too and Bronn is just as I had him pictured in the books.
They are making Cersie too damn soft too soon. She doesn't start acting this soft until she's broken by the faith and then paraded naked through King's Landing. I can see why the writers would want to humanize her, but they are way jumping the gun here. She doesn't even become a POV untill the fourth book. Can't she just be an evil bitch until then?
1368	Jayaris	2012-05-14	In terms of Qarth's security - Pyat was probably around for a long time before dragons came about (with considerably less magic). A chamber with no Guards and personal weaponry allowed is probably a safe set-up, bar a guy that can split off into a dozen people and slit everyone's throat. Which the Thirteen have no reason to believe he is actually capable of..
For the escape scene :
If Jamie brings him with him he is now slowing him down.
If Jamie allows him to escape on his own he is more likely to be captured trying to exit the camp than Jamie is, notifying the camp of Jamie's escape.
If Jamie leaves him alive and he is awake he will probably be killed.
If Jamie knocks him out he might not be killed.
Presumably the Jailor actually saw the beating, given his response time - If Jamie beats him too little the Guard reacts differently or he doesn't come in at all.
If he beats him within an inch of his life he's liable to die suffering over the course of the next few days.
That's why I don't have a problem with the decision itself, because there are a lot of things to consider and killing Alton is the cleanest strategy in terms of escaping.
So you might say that killing him was unnecessary, but it increased his odds of escape overall. 
The only thing I thought was strange was the five second pause after he said he needed to die, I was almost expecting him to say "JUST JOKING, OH MAN I GOT YOU".
But, maybe he used that time to decide that killing him was in fact the best option.
The Tywin/Arya relationship was a bit contrived, I can see why he might want Arya to eat though. If she was planning to or already had poisoned his food her reaction might give it away or she might reconsider the option altogether.
My biggest problem with this episode was the Winterfell storyline,
As I understood it, they set the false trail and came back to Winterfell in cover of night. I don't see anyway that they can end up back at Winterfell and get in the crypts with no one noticing during the day-time.
The bodies didn't particularly look real, they were totally dehumanized and as others had said nobody believed it was Bran or Rickon.
Now that I think of it the whole idea is questionable, at least the Freys sewed Robb's head onto his wolf why does anyone not question the absence of the two wolves in the murder of the children.
1369	Faraday	2012-05-14	They also completely blew the chance to have believable Rickon and Bran fake deaths. They should've given Bran another green dream where he sees them hanged, and just been a lot more subtle over all. It was just poorly handled as is.Eh, might have worked. I don't remember if I was convinced by the storyline in the books. I remember going 'WTF BRAN DEAD', but not if I fully bought it. I think if it's supposed to be a cliffhanger they handled it poorly, but I'm not entirely convinced it's not supposed to be obvious they're alive - which is a change but maybe not the worst thing ever.Jon story changes don't bother me; I think it'll end up at the same place and if anything him spending time captured with the wildlings might make them believing his 'turncloak' a bit better. (Probably not; I enjoy John/Ygritte scenes though so can't complain)
1370	SerMixalot	2012-05-14	last week Tywin smiled, this week he chuckled, next week he will guffaw like Santa Clause on the Macy's Day Parade Float
1371	SerMixalot	2012-05-14	with cat drawing a sword she can either
a. put it away without doing anything, useless as JL is not afraid of anything at this point and a useless cliff hanger, not that I would be surprised by anything HBO does at this point
b. kill JL, not going to happen as JL is obviously integral in the ongoing story
c. cut him loose? Cut chains with a sword? Not likely
d. Cut off his hand.  Cat will cut off his hand. 
Cat will cut off his hand
just plain BOOOOOOOOOOOOO
1372	SerMixalot	2012-05-14	couple of positives from last night? 
Cat's acting-outstanding
Theon;s story.  See that storyline is the way to do an adaption.  They have  not changed significantly the main plot points (with the exception of Ser Rodrik) and when changes were made they were in character flowed.  THeon, Luwin, Rodrik, all doing great job acting.  The biggest changes were Osha sleeping with Theon (can live with that, though the why didnt shee kill Theon when she had the chance, well livable) and Ser Rodrik getting whacked by theon instead of Ramsey, actually works in this way cause we get to see the death of a major secondary character.
If cleftjaw is Ramsey I will be unhappy.
Theons story is how adaption SHOULD work, the rest is rewrting a new story, which I am against.  The writers have an obligation to the work of art that GRRM created.
1373	Stanmore	2012-05-14	Theons story is how adaption SHOULD work, the rest is rewrting a new story, which I am against.  The writers have an obligation to the work of art that GRRM created.I agree I've been really happy with Theon's story. I miss Reek, but i feel they've brought out a lot of the key conflicts in his character really well. I actually felt quite sympathetic to Theon reading the book and i'm glad they've expanded on that side of him.But as for the rest. I'd say about 30% of that last episode was true to the books the remainder was pure invention. I realise adapting a series this complex to television is not an easy task, but there's a difference between altering things so that they work on TV and deciding that you can write a better story than the original author.
1374	SerMixalot	2012-05-14	coulldnt they throw in a jamie wench remark?
1375	teemo	2012-05-14	I know I bashed the "Cleftjaw is Ramsay theory" endlessly last week, but did anyone see that weird glance he gave Theon?  I really hope that's not what's going on here.I realise adapting a series this complex to television is not an easy task, but there's a difference between altering things so that they work on TV and deciding that you can write a better story than the original author.I think it's pretty obvious that D&D think they are the more creative writers now.  I understand there's a massive difference between writing a book and a show, but some things you can tell they've changed just to be cute, not to help make it a better/more likable/more convincing adaptation.There were plenty of positives.  Theon's story is going along nicely, the acting is really tremendous on all levels with practically everyone, Jaime was funny and spot-on with his remarks on Brienne, Gwendoline continues to amaze me...she is so perfect as Brienne.  Not only does she nail Brienne's whole awkwardness, she just looks like her, acts like her, she is her.  I really applaud her on her whole performance.  Speaking of good acting, I miss Varys.Hodor got a few Hodors in there.  The person I was watching it with finally figured out that it's the only word he knows.  Hah.  Sandor and Sansa got a scene that was fairly true to the books, Ygritte made all of my friends laugh, which is needed in a dark show.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 14 May 2012 - 03:55 PM.
1376	SerMixalot	2012-05-14	couldnt they throw in jamie calling brienne wench?
1377	SerMixalot	2012-05-14	they'll probably have the boys hiding near the farm and not back at the castle, except for the noticing of missing swords, I dont recall the swords having any play in the story	not sure how they will survive in the north without meera and her spear but....
1378	Jolene Brown	2012-05-14	I hate the Jaime killing Alton thing, but I also am bothered by the way they're re-writing the Karstark thing.  Why not just have a confrontation between Karstark and Jaime, where he's like "when we captured you, you killed my 2 sons! I will have my revenge" and Jaime is unsurprisingly unremoreseful and reminds him that that is what happens in war.  Cat breaks it up and Karstark is mad at her and seething with his men.  Then let Jaime have his moving conversation with Alton, use him as a decoy or in some way to be able to escape himself while leaving Alton behind to face the unpleasant music.  He is re-captured, Cat lets him go with Brienne, Karstark takes his rage out on Alton and murders him and maybe some other Lannister prisoners.  Boom. 
All the major plot elements, same amount of time, and keeps the important element that Karstark is being hugely unreasonable.  Murdering a prisoner because your son died IN BATTLE is really out of keeping with the moral code of Westeros, where in this situation, his anger makes a bit more sense.  I was spoiled for so much of the books when I read them, but I wasn't spoiled for the deaths of Tion Frey and Willem (?) Lannister, and I found that one of the most powerful moments in the books.  Just totally totally shocking.  It left Robb in such a bad position.  I feel like they could have kept most of that dynamic and instead threw it away for a sort of cliched escape.  Robb had to punish him, even while understanding his actions, because what he did was straight-up wrong.  What Karstark did was simply unreasonable.  I also really liked that although Robb did end up being noble (although I was sort of excited when I thought he was going to let Karstark get away with it), it showed you that the men around him were not all such great dudes all the time.  I like how in the books you see a gradually muddying of the waters - the Starks do share some responsibility for starting a war which causes an intense amount of suffering all over Westeros.  This was the start of that for me and I think they should have kept it as close to the books as possible because it is so important.
1379	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-14	with cat drawing a sword she can eithera. put it away without doing anything, useless as JL is not afraid of anything at this point and a useless cliff hanger, not that I would be surprised by anything HBO does at this pointb. kill JL, not going to happen as JL is obviously integral in the ongoing storyc. cut him loose? Cut chains with a sword? Not likelyd. Cut off his hand.  Cat will cut off his hand.Cat will cut off his handjust plain BOOOOOOOOOOOOOI might be completely imagining this but doesn't she give him the sword? To swear he will no longer raise arms against any other northerner? That in exchange for his freedom he will go back to KL with Brienne to get her daughters?That's what I'm hoping for. If she cuts off Jaime's hand fuck this TV show /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1380	Kittykatknits	2012-05-14	I also got the impression that she was implying that she didn't trust him.  That was weird....?  Did I see that wrong?  Dany trusted Jorah more than anyone else in the world.  I'm glad I don't care about Dany's storyline or am a Dany/Jorah shipper... I'd be really upset....She was implying that, it's  yet another example how out of character everyone seemed to be in this episode. Or, at least it seemed more pronounced in this episode to me.I'm not a Dany/Jorah shipper by any stretch and don't feel strongly one way or another about Dany but I always felt her scenes with Jorah where the most compelling about storyline.Although if we are keeping with Dany's character this season, she should probably have been telling him how she would take what is hers with fire and blood. He may have missed that the first few times around, it was very subtle.
1381	Jon Black	2012-05-14	Would telling Alton to play dead have been too hard? Really? /sleep.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='-_-' />I couldn't agree more.In addition, anyone else notice the weird silence between Jamie and Alton after Jamie told Alton he would have to 'die'?  It was like the kid was considering it as a matter of service almost (?).  Then again, maybe he was just so taken aback and shocked by what he had just heard.  Oh well, he's dead now.
1382	Jolene Brown	2012-05-14	I think it would have been cool if Alton had actually agreed to die.  That would have been an interesting change - like, you're the Kingslayer, I'm just from a lowly family, this is how the totem pole works, I have to sacrifice myself for you.  That I wouldn't mind so much.  Especially if they had managed to arrange it right at the same time as Qhorin/John's fight, so you have a parallel - Qhorin sacrificing his life for the greater good while Alton ironically sacrifices his life for what many would see as a not very great good.
					
					
							Edited by Jolene Brown, 14 May 2012 - 04:25 PM.
1383	Envie	2012-05-14	You all can nitpick the death out of the rest of the scenes, which I found to be great overall (even Cersei and Tyrion's awkward moment of emotional comforting)...
But for me, the only thing I want to nitpick is how Ygritte goes on and on and on for several scenes about how the Night's Watch has a messed up system requiring the men to take vows of abstinence (loved the "no wonder you're all so miserable" line) ... and Jon never breaks down and bangs her like he should have before the capture cliffhanger. At least let the guy get out his frustration before the big finale. Now he's so pent up its no wonder he agrees to kill Qorin (next episode maybe?), haha!
1384	Lavean	2012-05-14	I wondering if GRRM is using the series to make adjustments to things he didn't like in the books.  How much influence does he have in the show's script?None. I watched an interview on Youtube where he said something along the lines of "I signed a contract, got a bunch of money, and if they wanted to have aliens land in Westeros in the next episode they are perfectly free to do so."
1385	Rapsie	2012-05-14	The Northern Army has 1 nurse. No Maesters. No Healers. One random nurse, to tend to thousands of men. Seriously?
Tywin and Arya: In the books it was believable that Arya didn't have Tywin killed through her three death wishes as she didn't interact with Tywin, but it now makes no sense. She is a bright girl and must know his death would create a better situation for Robb. Also their scenes are great but too long considering that all of Sansa's seem rushed and they haven't even introduced the Dontos escape plan.
It doesn't take 3 scenes: we got it in the first one that Jon and Ygritte have a bit of sexual tension going on.
Also isn't Kinslaying REALLY bad....Alton what would you say?
And finally Where is Cersei Lannister and what have you done with her HBO?
1386	Envie	2012-05-14	None. I watched an interview on Youtube where he said something along the lines of "I signed a contract, got a bunch of money, and if they wanted to have aliens land in Westeros in the next episode they are perfectly free to do so."Wow that sucks actually. I was hoping he had more say in story changing decisions then that. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1387	SerMixalot	2012-05-14	btw with 2 lines osha made me a fan. calling Hodor a gentle giant and telling Rickon he has never seen her climb a tree, you could see the affection for them, good acting, good writing there
1388	Natmus	2012-05-14	Yes, Ygritte's one-track mind is a nitpick of mine as well. I almost hoped Jon would take her head off just before his capture. Jon is acting real stupid compared to book-Jon, but if he falls in love with that annoying Hollywood-cliche later on I will be so irritated. Also, if Jon is caught by the wildings now, how will he be ordered to join them? A convenient capture of the rest of Jon's band as well, giving Qhorin time to talk to Jon privatly? /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />[sarcasm]But Ygriite said her catchphrase, so 95 percent of the fans are propably overjoyed nomatter what. Yay![/sarcasm]Continuing the nitpicking of the lacking security in the camps of Robb Stark and Daddy Warbuck Tywin Lannister:The sassy nurse Jeyne Whats-her-name-now is free to talk about Robb's plan for riding to the Crag. This in a camp moving in enemy territory, and her supposedly not really having any loyalty to the Starks. She is just allowed to go free anyway, knowing Robb's plans? Really?And Daddy Warbucks Tywin Lannister still just very carefully trying to work the truth out of his northern cupbearer, who is literate and capable of proper speech. Where is book-Tywin who sure just would hand her over to the Tickler to get to the bottom of the matter in a hurry.Oh, and everybody saw Tywin smile and heard him laugh this week, I take it. No doubt about it.Poor Ser Alton Lannister's pen is now occupied by the 'prisoners from the Yellow Fork'. The Yellow Fork... Well, if there's a Red Fork, a Green Fork and a Blue Fork, it stands to reason there's a Yellow Fork somewhere as well, right. And since Robb's camp hasn't moved an inch since Ser Alton left for King's Landing, they filled it with other prisoners meanwhile.Which leads to a general complaint about the whole writing of the show this season. Everything feels so spread out, so un-related, that I doubt any general viewer has any idea about how or where the war is fought, or who is where. Tywin is at Harrenhal, Robb is just somewhere (the Yellow Fork?), Renly was on a rocky coast in an old quarry, Stannis in a castle, then on a ship off Renly's camp, and now he's 4 or 5 days away from King's Landing. Why hasn't Tywin moved from Harrenhal, what is Robb doing, what forces are located in King's Landing compared to what forces Stannis must have? All these questions and more like is just left hanging.I simply feel the entire show is losing a lot of continuity and sense of integrity storywise with all the omissions and changes in this season. Unrelated events just randomly popping up instead of threads moving along towards forming a greater storyline.Other nitpicks: No chain in Kings Landing, no Kettleblacks either. But Sandor Clegane showing up in Sansa's bedroom the very morning of her first period. He sure has a good nose, that hound. And he has no problems telling Cersei, for some reason.EDIT: Book-Jaime wouldn't have squired for Barristan Selmy at age 16, as BOOK-Jaime was knighted at age 15, according to the white book. Do the writers just make things up without looking up facts from the books first?
					
					
							Edited by Natmus, 15 May 2012 - 03:54 AM.
1389	Mad Queen	2012-05-14	/sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Very unhappy with this episode.
Tywin/Arya: It's just so unbelievable. Even Jon Snow couldn't chat with his former friends. But Tywin Lannister, Lord of Casterly Rock, Hand of the King, wants to make friends with his cupbearer, a utter nobody. (Tywin did smile, I paid attention. I don't care a lot though. He can smile a bit as long as he remembers his rank and who he should be talking to.)
Jaime: No need to kill his cousin. It doesn't feel like something Jaime would do. I also hope Brienne doesn't cut his hand. How is he supposed to like her later?
Catelyn: If she frees Jaime now, it will be high treason against Robb, and there's no excuse that grief over Bran and Rickon's death drove her mad. Please don't do that!
Talisa/Robb and Ygritte/Jon: So boring. Ygritte, please shut up, you are neither clever nor sexy. I hope that they don't change Jon's story too much and make him a deserter for real.
Dany: A bit boring, but I like Pyat Pree and I don't think anything that really matters has been changed.
					
					
							Edited by Mad Queen, 14 May 2012 - 06:12 PM.
1390	bardgal	2012-05-14	None. I watched an interview on Youtube where he said something along the lines of "I signed a contract, got a bunch of money, and if they wanted to have aliens land in Westeros in the next episode they are perfectly free to do so."Could you link this please, because I can't find it. I do find a LOT of interviews with GRRM and his involvement with the production.
1391	SerMixalot	2012-05-14	you Know it would have beenhelpful if Jon snow responded to Yg's banter with an I DONT WANT TO FATHER A BASTARD, which seems logical, in character, in line with the books, but NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
1392	SerMixalot	2012-05-14	and a nitpick from Epi 6, when Robb approaches Lady Talyne, she doesnt rise, inexcusable
in fact I note alot of disregard for basic courtesies to the high born throughout the season
1393	FantA´me	2012-05-14	Really bad episode. I liked the last one overall but that...I'm not going to list my nitpicks because "What the f***" is basically what I've been thinking the whole time. Osha and rickon are probably the only parts are liked. Or maybe there are others but I'm so disappointed by the rest I forgot about them.
1394	Queen Regent	2012-05-14	I agree, it does feel spread out.
And I think if nothing else, the lacking of chains is what's making me question the most.  Tyrion and his chains was a BIG deal to me in the books.  WHERE ARE THE CHAINS?!
1395	President Jorah Mormont	2012-05-14	Ok Jaime has incestous relations with his sister, he kills the king he swore to protect now he goes for the ultimate taboo of kinslaying? I know he doesn't believe in the gods but come on...
1396	bardgal	2012-05-14	ghost decided jon snow is an idiot and is the halfhand's wolf nowHAAAAAAAA! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I think they dropped the ball on bran and rickon's cliffhanger, they couldn't have been more obvoious about what was going on, and no one I've spoken to or heard from taht didn't read the books thinks they are dead.I also think they have lost all steam with the battle of blackwater. it will just appear in episode 9 without the buildup I think it deserved.FWIW - My friend (who hasn't read the books), turned to me at the end of the episode with a look of horror and said, "ARE THEY REALLY DEAD???" To which I responded, "Do you really want to know?" He hadn't even noticed the two kids at the farm. So yeah - there are going to be plenty of people who think what they're supposed to think at this point (that Theon really would kill the Stark boys.)As for the buildup to Blackwater - I think we'll get a TON of that next week. I hope so, anyway... and some talk about The Chain.I might be the only person who is fine with all the changes so far. Remember, the books are all written from different POVs of certain characters (in/out of their head), so a lot of action happens off-stage and is only described in exposition by other people, whereas we are getting to see some of those events in the show (Robb and Lying Lady Talisa.) There is also the difficulty of PLAYING a character's internal mental/emotional narrative. That somehow needs to be put into live action instead of happening inside their head, because you just can't shoot that. That's why a LOT of the things that are being changed are being changed the way they are. I'm not bothered with the changes so far, because I think they're going to work themselves out in the long run. Ones that come to mind:  - Twyin & Arya: Next week (Ep 8) Roose Bolton could show up at Harrenhall. We've seen a preview of Tywin rushing out (to Kings Landing) to help with the Blackwater. I don't have a problem with he and Arya conversing because it reinforces just how smart Arya is which is paramount (she's already killed three people - Jaqen helped with two), and is about to kill another to escape Harrenhall. It gives Tywin a lot more dimension than he's given in the books, which will make what happens later, a lot better. Of course he speaks to her - she's the only other person at Harrenhall with a functioning brainstem. I did love the "My Lord" vs "Mi'lord" from Tywin, only to be cleverly schooled by wicked smart Arya with the, "My Mother taught me how to talk "proper" (which is the low-born way to say it), followed immediately by, "properly." oh. snap. I'm sorry, WHO is smarter than Tywin Lannister? Yeah... that would be Arya Stark. - Jon & Ygritte: I was worried until she got away from him last night. There's no reason that they haven't also caught Qhorin while we were watching Ygritte bait Jon. Establishing their relationship now, gives a lot more credence to what happens between them later. Otherwise, it might not be very plausible when she comes to his defense when her life isn't at stake. It also helps establish just how inexperienced Jon is with women, and how different Free Folk Females are from their south-of-the-wall counterparts.- Ghost's absence: I don't have a problem with this. He goes missing all the time in the books, and that's what they're establishing: "He's a Direwolf, not a pet." Ghost chooses to be with Jon, as do all the other living Stark Direwolves (Nymeria shadows Arya.) I do wish they'd do more of this in the series, but there's plenty of time.- Jamie & Alton: Alton says something to the effect of being a "distant" Lannister. By taking that into consideration with the rest of his tale, he is of low birth and that means not a REAL Lannister. I have no problem with Jamie killing him. We're already seeing the beginning of his arch with this scene, and everything he says to Alton, then his speech to Cat about all the conflicting oaths, and he saved the Seven Kingdoms when he killed Aerys, but no one can see that, so his bitterness is justified. Jamie doesn't know the future. He doesn't think he'll get caught, so his plan, at the time, is sound. He also knows he's running out of time - he's in a PEN (not a secure dungeon like the book), that could be breached by some drunken idiot with a burning desire to kill him at any moment (there must be bowmen in Robb's army.) Why wouldn't he do everything in his power to escape? To not do so, would be totally out of character. Having this scene also gives Cat more reason to let him go, otherwise he's going to get ripped up by the camp before Robb returns, and *POOF*, there goes her best way of getting her daughters back. Going forward, Cleos really was just dead weight in the Brienne/Jamie story line, which is why GRRM kills him off in the books.- Jamie confessing in front of Cat & Brienne: He did in the books, so I'm not understanding why people have a problem with this. Just because he's not drunk in the dungeons of Riverrun while doing so matters little in the long run. Cat letting Jamie go really has more to do with getting Arya and Sansa back, so her getting the news of Bran & Rickon AFTER releasing him gives her even more justification for her actions. I don't see Cat cutting off Jamie's hand, because that would mean Jamie and Brienne can't have their mutual ass-kicking scene later on when they're taken by The Brave Companions. That's a huge point for Jamie's character development about how he sees Brienne. I can't see how they skip that. Having Brienne escort Jamie alone reinforces just what a baddass she is. - Tyrion & Cersei: In the books Tyrion knows, and Cersei knows he knows. To play otherwise in the series would be to dumb-down one of these characters and be a gross disservice and insulting. Giving them that scene does three things: 1. It gives Cersei a bigger/better arch by making her more three dimensional than just being one-note evil. I think it's important to differentiate between the Joffrey degree of evil, and her. They are two different people. 2. It gave Tyrion that magic moment of wanting, needing, and instinctually going to comfort her, and discovering where the invisible CAUTION / DO NOT CROSS yellow tape was. In the book, he touches her, she recoils, and we know his hurt because that chapter is through his eyes. We don't have that internal luxury on film. 3. It gives more buildup to just how insane and evil Joffrey is, and that everyone with a functioning brainstem knows it.- Dany: They're giving her a LOT more to do than they did in CoK. Stealing the dragons gives another note to GIVE ME WHAT I NEED RIGHT NOW that is Dany's only objective in CoK, which is too repetitive and one-note for the TV series. They're also setting up The House of The Undying and a justifiable reason for Dragon Woop-Ass. - Robb & Lying Lady Talisa: In the book Robb's marriage comes as a shock. This way we see WHY, and we get to see more Robb. That is win-win for the show's ability to tell the narrative vs the books. - Bran, Rickon, & the Reeds: I'll bet we're not going to see Bran & Rickon again until the last episode (so many non-book peeps will believe they're dead, with everyone getting raven scrolls about Theon killing them to reinforce this), and this season will end with the four of them exiting the crypts of Winterfell (minus the Reeds), just like the book. Next season they can meet up with the Reeds, because they need to separate Bran and Rickon somehow, and need someone other than Hodor to look out for Bran. This way they give Osha more screen time before she disappears with Rickon, and the overall narrative stays the same.Things I am missing that I think are needed at some point:- The Reeds - Can wait for next season.- Ser Dontos for all the Sansa escape stuff - but there really is plenty of time for this, since it's very repetitive in the books, and could wait until next season.- The cache of Dragonglass at The Fist - since Jon has already gone north, they can wait for this until next season really, especially since it's more The Slayer's story than Jon's.- Weasel - how are they going to do Weasel soup? I'll miss that if it doesn't happen, but they could get the same outcome with other events.There are three main scenes I thought when I read the book that they HAD to have this season, and would spend $$ on:- The riot (which was only missing horses - which is fine, and impossible to film without hurting someone with horses in that space.)- The House of the Undying (she has reinforced this with her claim this season of "My dreams come true.")- The Battle of the Blackwater - just hope they don't skip Tyrion's chain.I still have faith.
1397	teemo	2012-05-14	Could you link this please, because I can't find it. I do find a LOT of interviews with GRRM and his involvement with the production.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=QTTW8M_etkoIt's in there somewhere.  He did use the alien analogy...or maybe it was vampires or zombies?  Something along those lines, but yeah, they can do whatever they want.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 14 May 2012 - 07:07 PM.
1398	Don't_call_me_Ser	2012-05-14	Well done Bardgal.
So many people are freaking out. Certain book readers are forgetting the TV have none of our insight or understanding. Things are going to be different and explained in a more roundabout way. 
I'm loving the show as it's essentially the same story, told differently. So there's something for the book-fans also.
My mother will read the TV mags for what's going to happen this week in her soaps and then she watches it. I never understand this and i feared we'd get it, as the shows were being made. But this way I know the direction we're going, but it's a new path. So enjoyable!
1399	teemo	2012-05-14	Not only is the show better than the books, but this season has been fantastic. Troll /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
1400	teemo	2012-05-14	That's not true at all. He's on record saying he would have done things differently in the book, and in retrospect he would have made some of the very same adjustments the showrunners did.But I suppose you cannot be offended on behalf of GRRM if you acknowledge he's supervising the show.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=QTTW8M_etkoQuestion: Given HBO's history of completely changing storylines, how did you get them to stay so true to your complex-as-hell- novels?Candy and chocolates (laugh).  You know, it's D&D, really.  They are the showrunners.  I don't have any veto power.  I signed a pretty standard contract where I gave them the rights to adapt this into a television series and I got certain titles and agreed I'd write one script a year and a large dump truck full of money.  And they can have the aliens come down next season.  They can turn the whole cast into vampires.  And I'm powerless to stop them, but I don't think they will do that.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 14 May 2012 - 07:24 PM.
1401	FantA´me	2012-05-14	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=QTTW8M_etkoQuestion: Given HBO's history of completely changing storylines, how did you get them to stay so true to your complex-as-hell- novels?Candy and chocolates (laugh).  You know, it's D&D, really.  They are the showrunners.  I don't have any veto power.  I signed a pretty standard contract where I gave them the rights to adapt this into a television series and I got certain titles and agreed I'd write one script a year and a large dump truck full of money.  And they can have the aliens come down next season.  They can turn the whole cast into vampires.  And I'm powerless to stop them, but I don't think they will do that.Thank you. I think a lot of us had been wondering about Martin's exact role in all this. Not sure why you're bothering to reply to this "Not only is the show better than the book" troll though.
					
					
							Edited by FantA´me, 14 May 2012 - 07:33 PM.
1402	teemo	2012-05-14	Thank you. I think a lot of us had been wondering about Martin's exact role in all this. Not sure why you're bothering to reply to this "Not only is the show better than the book" troll though.Oh, I didn't even look at the username. lol.
1403	FantA´me	2012-05-14	Oh, I didn't even look at the username. lol.Hmm? Neither did I but the contents of the post looked enough like trolling for me.Especially on a thread dedicated to book fans not happy about some elements from the show.
					
					
							Edited by FantA´me, 14 May 2012 - 07:42 PM.
1404	teemo	2012-05-14	well, I think someone else asked for a link, so it helped them out at least.
1405	Sheep the Evicted	2012-05-14	I HAVE NO NITPICKS!
I have finally passed the point of in anyway comparing the show to the books. It was the first time i  wholly enjoyed watching the show since it started.
Well actually there was a minor twinge when Jaime said he squired for Barristan Selmy but it was only a minor twinge. Its as close as i'm every gonna be to nit free.
1406	congokong	2012-05-14	"Nitpicking" is getting difficult as you said as this show is becoming unrecognizable. The only scene that was strongly reflective of the books (although shorter) was Sansa and Sandor's chat. But even that was awkward with her asking why he was so cruel when they've barely spoken before on-screen.
The writers suck to put it bluntly. They've taken golden writing, thrown it away, and wrote poor replacement material. All three Jon-Ygrite scenes were about sex. Yawn. None of their dialogue was from the books if I can recall. The writers should be fired. After getting a pat on the back for a good first season they starting thinking they could do a better job and just changed everything.
Cersei is too sympathetic and Shae... All she shares with book-Shae is her name and that she has sex with Tyrion. They are completely different characters. Why would Tyrion put up with a whore who threatened to gouge out his eyes and whines all the time?
1407	Stanmore	2012-05-14	This thread is one big bitch-fest from people who don't understand that narrative supercedes fidelity to the source material. Not only is the show better than the books, but this season has been fantastic. There's a danger in thinking the source material is flawless, because it's definitely not. But I'm wasting my breath here anyway, carry on Mr. Shrute.I disagree. I watched the first series of the show and thought it was fantastic, then I read the books and realised how much I had been missing . Part of me wishes I'd waited before the show was finished before reading the books because I think that's the only way I'd have been able to appreciate both on their own merits.I feel that some of the changes made on the show have been made for the sake of conveying the narrative in a new medium but many more have been made because of budgetary constraints or in order to boost ratings or simply because the writers have felt they can improve upon the source material.Ultimately I have found the books to be a richer and more rewarding experience than the show. The show has many strengths and much of the acting has been superb, but it's not a perfect adaptation and it often falls short of the story  on the page and inside my head.
					
					
							Edited by Stanmore, 14 May 2012 - 08:26 PM.
1408	bardgal	2012-05-14	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=QTTW8M_etkoIt's in there somewhere.  He did use the alien analogy...or maybe it was vampires or zombies?  Something along those lines, but yeah, they can do whatever they want.Thanks. I don't have time to watch over an hour at the moment, but I'll try tomorrow.Interesting, because this link of the2nd part of the TIFF interview, he talks of helping D&D write it:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=qGwdWUl25AU
1409	congokong	2012-05-14	I would have preferred it if Jaime had been drunk during that last conversation (he's a bit too chatty for a sober man here IMO). But to all the people who're surprised at him admitting to the incest in front of Cat and Brienne, that's exactly what he does in the books too. In Jaime's first POV in Storm Brienne is already aware that he threw Bran out the window and that he's in love with Cersei and he tells Cat right before she frees him.Yes, but as a few pointed out, Jaime wouldn't admit it to Robb earlier in the season. So why is he so chatty now?
1410	bardgal	2012-05-14	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=QTTW8M_etkoQuestion: Given HBO's history of completely changing storylines, how did you get them to stay so true to your complex-as-hell- novels?Candy and chocolates (laugh).  You know, it's D&D, really.  They are the showrunners.  I don't have any veto power.  I signed a pretty standard contract where I gave them the rights to adapt this into a television series and I got certain titles and agreed I'd write one script a year and a large dump truck full of money.  And they can have the aliens come down next season.  They can turn the whole cast into vampires.  And I'm powerless to stop them, but I don't think they will do that. If that is GRRM's words, could you tell us what min we need to go to in that hour interview please? Thanks.
1411	teemo	2012-05-14	32:35
1412	congokong	2012-05-14	That's mature, no wonder the mods had to stop you guys from criticizing Gemma Whalen's breasts and physical attractiveness. I picture a bunch of dudes lookin' like Dwight Shrute, going off about how she has sharp knees and is below your standards.This thread is one big bitch-fest from people who don't understand that narrative supercedes fidelity to the source material. Not only is the show better than the books, but this season has been fantastic. There's a danger in thinking the source material is flawless, because it's definitely not. But I'm wasting my breath here anyway, carry on Mr. Shrute.There should be a thumbs down option for such comments. Did you not read the first post? This thread is made for the book lovers. Go to the regular book spoilers thread if you don't want to hear it.One way to show that the show writers are much worse at juggling plots than GRRM is time-passing. Jon remains at Crasters for 3 episodes and letters reach across Westeros in only a few scenes, Petyr is everywhere in Westeros (a few examples).Then we have sloppy introduction to events. GRRM always covered his bases in the books. Nothing just popped up out of nowhere without some foreshadowing. Karstark just shows up out of nowhere in the past episode. Stannis shows up at a parley with Renly without any preparation. No council session about Renly's death. No council session about Stannis coming to King's Landing. Where are the wolves?!If I went through each episode I could give a near-endless list of all the stupid things that happened in the show that just make no sense, things that I couldn't say about the books. GRRM was very delicate with his story. These writers are careless.
1413	congokong	2012-05-14	If that is GRRM's words, could you tell us what min we need to go to in that hour interview please? Thanks.I remember watching this interview where he said that. That was when the first season was airing I think. They never would have asked GRRM that question now.
1414	SpaA<U+009F>vogel	2012-05-14	Why not just have a confrontation between Karstark and Jaime, where he's like "when we captured you, you killed my 2 sons! I will have my revenge" and Jaime is unsurprisingly unremoreseful and reminds him that that is what happens in war.  Cat breaks it up and Karstark is mad at her and seething with his men.  Then let Jaime have his moving conversation with Alton, use him as a decoy or in some way to be able to escape himself while leaving Alton behind to face the unpleasant music.  He is re-captured, Cat lets him go with Brienne, Karstark takes his rage out on Alton and murders him and maybe some other Lannister prisoners.  Boom.See, that's a great way to untie the Karstark/Robb/Jaimie situation.  HBO needs to sign you up.  The way it stands now, it's going to be *more* convoluted and harder for the average viewer to decode.  Your way is relatively smooth and worked with what was already established in the TV show.  Ah well.
1415	Mad Queen	2012-05-14	32:35Now you should count how long he spends talking about each character. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1416	Warden of the North121	2012-05-14	I'm just glad that Ros has been absent for 3 episodes in a row; not a surpirse that they are my three favorite episode for this season.  My only nitpicks are ones that have been beaten to death: Ghost being MIA and Jaime killing a relative (albeit a very distant one)
					
					
							Edited by Warden of the North121, 14 May 2012 - 09:11 PM.
1417	Triskan	2012-05-14	The Arya / Tywin scenes are a lot of fun to watch, but they make even less sense now. 
If Tywin is totally aware that Arya is a noble...
He wants Jaime back desperately.  He presumably knows that Arya Stark is missing.  He certainly knows that he has an unidentified northern girl of nobility hanging out in his office.  It would have to occur to him that there's a chance that this is Arya.
1418	The Greenseer	2012-05-14	Well since I specifically posted these criticisms as nitpicking in the thread 'How Would You Rate This Episode', I decided to copy my post here:
  I am going to lead with something that I have not seen posted here thus far.
   An ongoing flaw that really bothers me for some reason: Hodor. Hodor sounded like a Shakesperian trained actor when he intelligently stated Hodor twice. He is a half-wit, he is supposed to mutter Hodor as a reflex, to something he can't express, yet somehow conveys his emotion. Such as Hodor? or Hodor! or Hodoooor... How hard is it to get that right?
  Not sure how the cat sized dragons are going to burn down the House of the Undying. Anyone?
   I agree that Jaimie killing his coz is out of character. My only thought is that maybe the writers thought the viewers would get too sympathetic for Jaimie, and needed a reminder of how ruthless he can be. Dany is coming off a bit crazy bratty, Tywin sure can eat and drink it seems, as often as Arya shuttles back and forth to the table, haha.  Not sure why they let the Hound find the moons blood.  Still hate the new mountain actor, he has no emotion and is too thin, whereas the old mountain was straight scary. Dont love Brienne's awkward portrayal.
The changes in the storylines actually keep the show interesting, by keeping an element of suprise in it for the readers but I still don't like them much. Also agree with OP, where the hell is Ghost. And Ramsay? Cersei reflecting on her 'sins' was out of character. At this point in the novels I just remember Cersei being extremely cruel to Sansa.
  All that said, still the best fantasy on TV, even makes the LOTR films seem a bit light weight.
					
					
							Edited by The Greenseer, 14 May 2012 - 09:53 PM.
1419	victim	2012-05-14	When did Shae and Sansa become such awesome buddies? Why would Shae even care that Sansa got her period let alone be willing to put a knife to someone's throat to keep them from telling the queen?
1420	Lavean	2012-05-15	Could you link this please, because I can't find it. I do find a LOT of interviews with GRRM and his involvement with the production.Yes, that quote below was what I was refering to. Been trying to find the video myself but I didn't have time to watch some 1h videos between now and my post last night /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />http://www.youtube.c...h?v=QTTW8M_etkoQuestion: Given HBO's history of completely changing storylines, how did you get them to stay so true to your complex-as-hell- novels?Candy and chocolates (laugh).  You know, it's D&D, really.  They are the showrunners.  I don't have any veto power.  I signed a pretty standard contract where I gave them the rights to adapt this into a television series and I got certain titles and agreed I'd write one script a year and a large dump truck full of money.  And they can have the aliens come down next season.  They can turn the whole cast into vampires.  And I'm powerless to stop them, but I don't think they will do that.Interesting, because this link of the2nd part of the TIFF interview, he talks of helping D&D write it:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=qGwdWUl25AUWell, the point I was making was NOT that GRRM isn't involved in the tv show, obviously he is. BUT he can't tell the creators of the show what to do. They can sit down together and talk about it (which apparently they do) but ultimately it's D&D's decision.Another quote that would emphasize this is when he said "The books are my baby, the show is D&D's baby". Unfortunately I - again - do not have a link to provide right away as I'm on the run but maybe someone else remembers this and knows where to find it in the meantime. Otherwise I'll look it up later.Next time I watch videos on youtube, I'll start making notes /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by Lavean, 15 May 2012 - 02:00 AM.
1421	Umel of Ys	2012-05-15	I don't like the way they handle Cersei's character especially since it's becoming jarringly incoherent: the conversation with Tyrion made no sense after last week's threats. And if you add to that that they're downplaying Tyrion's strategic brilliance... I don't know what they're going for with those two. 
As far as Tywin and Arya are concerned, it will actually pay off if we get to see Tywin's reaction when he realizes he let a Stark girl escape at which point nothing short of a rage massacre would be an appropriate reaction. 
But the real let down for me was how they botched the final twist when it would have been sooo easy to create real suspense like there was in ACOK. Why did they keep mentioning and showing (!) the two orphan boys. Frankly I was expecting outrage, violent outbursts from non book readers. I haven't checked but I'm pretty sure Larry didn't freak out over this.
Apart from that I actually enjoy the new Qarth story line and I'm actually grateful to the writers for trying to keep an element of surprise for us readers especilly since it would have been easier to stick to the original material.
1422	Rapsie	2012-05-15	and a nitpick from Epi 6, when Robb approaches Lady Talyne, she doesnt rise, inexcusable in fact I note alot of disregard for basic courtesies to the high born throughout the season /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Indeed. The show seems to be disregarding the time setting and world ideas that GRRM has so carefully crafted.Along with the Tywin / Arya scenes, which are great but painfully out of character for both of them and detrimental to proper canon story development. Even Cersei lighting her own candles seemed silly (why would she dismiss her handmaidens?). It seems like the producers have forgotten the time setting. Looking at GRRM's comment below, I wonder if HBO is now beginning to do bad fantasy.He objects to bad fantasy practice which adopts a time setting without accepting the culture - imposing 20th century values like the cheeky stableboy telling off the princess (in reality cheeky stableboy would lose his tongue - look what happend to Micah); the class system was not just and ornament and these people truly belived in blood, and the rank and priviledge that came with "good" blood.http://www.westeros....our_Vancouver1/
1423	Davos55	2012-05-15	The changes to Jon Snow's storyline are just ridiculous and completely less compelling than the novel.  I came into this episode expecting to not see much of Jon Snow at all, or see him waking up and finding that Ygritte had escaped during the night, allowing him to rejoin the NW.  Instead we watch Jon be lifeless and dull (it really seems like Kit isn't even trying to act interested in his scenes..it is like he doesn't care) and Ygritte being feisty and talk about blue balls, sex a thousand times, and other stuff.  Rose Leslie may be good looking and a decent actress, but these scenes with her have SO much other time to happen. Ygritte will be around all of next season and most likely 3/4th of season 4..and with Jon that entire time.
How is her banter with Jon Snow and him being a complete and utter clueless moron a good change to make?  I don't even care if Qhorin gives Jon his command, it will not be the same great moment like in the novel for me personally.  I loved Jon's chapters in ACOK, and was so pumped to see him and the rangers desperately trying to get back to the Fist, with hope fading with every passing moment.  This would have much such good television and fit with the tone of the series so much more.  Instead we get wasted time with Jon and Ygritte, that leads to this contrived capture that is sure to lead to more plot changes and time added to this new Jon storyline in the next few episodes.
Sorry for that long rant..but obviously I don't like one of my favorite storylines changed so much!
On other notes: Where in the world is Stannis and Davos? They have been MIA for so long and were just briefly mentioned in passing by Tyrion.  Along with that, I really am coming to believe the chain has been removed from the show and that as some posters have mentioned, the great buildup to the battle of the blackwater is really just suffering in general.
Where is Varys?
Why has Quiathe only talked to Jorah and not Dany?  
Why on earth did they kill IRRI and Jiqhui (does anyone even know when or how she died? perhaps I missed something earlier this year..)  It is Known is gone forever now... /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
Jaime killing Alton is a strange choice, but I am going to be patient with this storyline because next season it should be amazing.
Talisa being sassy again is just annoying.  I did love Roose's look at Robb..you could tell he was thinking this kid is a chump.
Decent episode though overall I suppose..as hk47 said..lots of nitpicks..but I still enjoyed it for the most part.
1424	StarkWard	2012-05-15	very minor nitpick here:  sansa and shae are going to flip a mattress by lifting both sides of it simultaneously. really curious to see what their next move would have been if the hound hadnt showed upI think they were supposed to throw it in the hearth. That was was Book Sansa tried to do, anyway.
1425	Ser Buggerthat	2012-05-15	there is one thing which originates from the changes they made for the show, the making the children older than in the books, so Sansa is more like a 15-16 year old girl now in the show - quite aged for the firs moonblood i guess
1426	Marion	2012-05-15	I'm thinking like many here, in the beginning chapters of this second season, had been good despite the changes that had suffered, but in this last, the series has come to suffer so many changes that may not be for good, we need to see the others to know
among the things that I do not liked, is the death of most of the Dothraki, have left alone Daenerys
the Robb's scene where he cut the Karstark's head was passed to Theon
Jaime killing Cleos Frey
the changes to Jeyne Westerling and her family
Jojen and Mera Reed didn't appear
the same for Ramsay Bolton
1427	Evamitchelle	2012-05-15	Yes, but as a few pointed out, Jaime wouldn't admit it to Robb earlier in the season. So why is he so chatty now?Well I thought the earlier Robb scene was terrible to be honest. In that scene he's basically having a pissing contest with Jaime, just to make sure that the viewers understand that Robb is now a Badass. It's just another change that doesn't make much sense. Overall I don't think subtlety is the writers strong points, like when Joffrey torture whores to show us that he is EVIL. It was pretty obvious already, what with him having Sansa stripped and beaten in the same episode.
1428	boojam	2012-05-15	there is one thing which originates from the changes they made for the show, the making the children older than in the books, so Sansa is more like a 15-16 year old girl now in the show - quite aged for the firs moonblood i guessFor all those hung up on the differences between the ages in the books and show write on the blackboard 100 times:"The ages in HBO's Game of Thrones have to be different from those in George R R Martin's Song of Ice and Fire, or the producers of the show would have been arrested."
1429	Evamitchelle	2012-05-15	there is one thing which originates from the changes they made for the show, the making the children older than in the books, so Sansa is more like a 15-16 year old girl now in the show - quite aged for the firs moonblood i guessSansa was 13 in the first season, so about 14 now. There is nothing unusual about a girl having her first period at 14. It's also interesting to note that the average age of menarche was a bit higher during the Middle Ages than it is now. In the U.S. the average is about 12.5 years old, but anything between 9-16 is considered normal.
1430	Natmus	2012-05-15	One more general nitpick is the lack of Freys in the storyline. In the books Freys are mentioned in all areas of conflict: With Robb in the west, helping Edmure defending the Riverlands and they are also part of the Stark forces at Harrenhal. In the books there are no doubt that they are a significant part of Robb's forces. That is why, in the books, we are in no doubt that the loss of the Frey is so serious.
In the show they have hardly been mentioned, and the short sequence at the Twins in the first season is long forgotten by most viewers by now.
So I am unsure about how the show will convey the repurcussions of Robb marrying Nurse-girl, and how to get things moving towards the RW, unless they will hurridly introduce a lot of new characters and families in season 3. To me it seems like they are under-playing the long-term storyline for instead focusing solely on the short-term items. Which, I think, will make season 3 too disconnected to the current season.
1431	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	When did Shae and Sansa become such awesome buddies? Why would Shae even care that Sansa got her period let alone be willing to put a knife to someone's throat to keep them from telling the queen?when it was decided to give so many characters new and confusing motivations?
1432	Bambi	2012-05-15	Tywin Lannister was laughing and smiling, tune in for episode 8 where he will give Arya a piggy-back ride around HarrenhallActually in the books Tywin Lannister is painted as a man who has never been seen smiling by anyone before. Charles Dance's Tywin is pretty much close to book-Tywin. He let out a smirk, actually a smirk really close to the one described in the books: threatening, wof-like. It was good acting and not bad writing.
1433	sp1um	2012-05-15	- I think they're dropping Jamies redemption arc. There's no sight of the mummers anyways.I hope not! That's the best part of Jaime's story. Maybe they'll have his hand cut by the BwB guys. I would've liked to see the mummers though.
1434	Buckwheat	2012-05-15	1.This:The Northern Army has 1 nurse. No Maesters. No Healers. One random nurse, to tend to thousands of men. Seriously?And this nurse can randomly walk into the King's tent and interrupt the conversation with Roose. Really? Plus, the King happily invites her with him to some random negotioations.2. Where is Ghost?3. Yellow Fork, what is this?4. And Tywin is getting too friendly with Arya. Their scenes are still fun, but Arya sould be more clever and watch what she is saying.5. WAY too much blood on Sansa's bed. Nobody stabbed her, people. She is not dying.6. What was the Hound doing in her bedroom, I have no idea. I do not believe that is was him who turned her in (I think it was the other handmaid), but his presence was just random.
1435	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-15	Hated hated hated Jaime killing Alton. Stupid. Ruined a perfect scene otherwise.I really loved the comment:Kingslayer Y U kill Jon-Boy Alton?
1436	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-15	3. Yellow Fork, what is this?Just atypical male-pattern color-blindness acting up again.
1437	Raksha the Demon	2012-05-15	1.This:And this nurse can randomly walk into the King's tent and interrupt the conversation with Roose. Really? Plus, the King happily invites her with him to some random negotioations.2. Where is Ghost?3. Yellow Fork, what is this?4. And Tywin is getting too friendly with Arya. Their scenes are still fun, but Arya sould be more clever and watch what she is saying.5. WAY too much blood on Sansa's bed. Nobody stabbed her, people. She is not dying.6. What was the Hound doing in her bedroom, I have no idea. I do not believe that is was him who turned her in (I think it was the other handmaid), but his presence was just random.The only reasons I can think of for the Hound to be in Sansa's bedroom before the Battle of the Blackwater...The fleeing maid and Shae left the door wide open.  Sandor passes by and sees Sansa standing inside, and blood on the mattress, and wonders if there's a bleeding assassin under the bed, or if Sansa was hurt?  He goes in to investigate and figures out what happened, through Sansa's embarrassment (and the quickly shown) blood on the back of her dress.  For once, Sandor shuts up; because 'Flowering' is just too girly for a big tough guy to discuss.Sandor is not a squealer; it makes no sense that he'd go tell on Sansa to the Queen, or anyone.
1438	Raksha the Demon	2012-05-15	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />Good job, you've nailed every problem there is with the way they're portraying characters.I fully enjoyed this episode. I found the Theon scenes awesome (Peter, you've got some competition, cause Alfie is fantastic). Quarth didn't really bother me, though Dany is getting bossier and louder, thus more annoying (who would have thought that possible)  But while entertainment-wise this episode was great, I can't fail to think that they're changing the characters.Why are they so intent on making Cersei the good guy? And with Jaime killing his cousin so coldly, it's going to be hard to move on with his redemption. Non-readers linger on first impressions, and after this scene I think they'll hate Jaime even more. And I am annoyed because he ought to be liked, because he's awesome.On a more positive tone: Sansa's flowering was nice										Theon's story is moving ahead brilliantly										Iain Glenn is so handsome. (he's actually made me a Dany/Jorah shipper!!!)										Actress playing Ygritte is really good. (though all that talk about sex and bones and naked girls, was too long.. There are no actual sex scenes and they're trying to replace them by talking about them for more than 5 minutes, when we haven't see Stannis in 5 episodes???)Actually, I'd rather have five minutes of sexual banter during the Jon & Ygritte Northern Comedy Hour than five minutes of sexposition, or sex, or nekkid Roz.  It was rather amusing;  At least more amusing than watching Roz cavort with a friend while Littlefinger reveals his innermost motivations.I don't recognize this Cersei.  TV-Cersei is a numbed, subdued, mostly declawed lioness who we're supposed to pity; just a sad, struggling mother.  Please.  I did like the scene between them because the actors made it work well; but that's not the real Cersei.  And even TV-Cersei seems to have forgot that last episode she was making chilly threats against Tyrion because he sent Myrcella away.  I even liked Dany-in-Qarth.  Or maybe I was distracted by the glorious cheekbones of Iain Glen; but I thought Dany was less shrill than usual, and believable in her dialogue with Jorah; especially when she gives him a scary blood-of-the-dragon look and tells him to find her dragons.  She should have her dragons snatched more often.  The episode showed just how totally out of her league Dany is at the moment; lording it over a rag-tag remnant of a khalasar is not the same as impressing anyone in a city as old and sophisticated as is Qarth; at least while her dragons are so young.  Alfie Allen's done a great job this season....A double-direwolf sighting - three seconds of Summer and Shaggydog trotting after their boys.  And yet another Roz-free episode, hooray!
1439	Rapsie	2012-05-15	Also I thought Jorah was the blood of the First Men, not an Andal. Also they are really messing up Dany's character. Whatever people's feelings about her in ADWD, she is not a bloody drama Queen and they are managing to portray her as one.
1440	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	Actually in the books Tywin Lannister is painted as a man who has never been seen smiling by anyone before. Charles Dance's Tywin is pretty much close to book-Tywin. He let out a smirk, actually a smirk really close to the one described in the books: threatening, wof-like. It was good acting and not bad writing.He actually LAUGHED last episode!  Booooo
1441	teemo	2012-05-15	Yeah, not digging the laughing.  If he was buried it should write on his tombstone, "And the only time Tywin ever smiled and laughed was....with a mysterious cupbearer."
1442	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	but only purists should mind.
I say BOOOOO
1443	Lord of Cheese	2012-05-15	When did Shae and Sansa become such awesome buddies? Why would Shae even care that Sansa got her period let alone be willing to put a knife to someone's throat to keep them from telling the queen?I aso thought it silly as that servant could have told Cersei what Shae had done to her. Shae has her own cover to keep.
1444	Buckwheat	2012-05-15	The only reasons I can think of for the Hound to be in Sansa's bedroom before the Battle of the Blackwater...The fleeing maid and Shae left the door wide open.  Sandor passes by and sees Sansa standing inside, and blood on the mattress, and wonders if there's a bleeding assassin under the bed, or if Sansa was hurt?  He goes in to investigate and figures out what happened, through Sansa's embarrassment (and the quickly shown) blood on the back of her dress.  For once, Sandor shuts up; because 'Flowering' is just too girly for a big tough guy to discuss.Sandor is not a squealer; it makes no sense that he'd go tell on Sansa to the Queen, or anyone.  That explanation makes sense, I suppose. I also think it would be terribly out of character if he was the one who told the queen what happened.And yet another Roz-free episode, hooray!Yaaay! Isn't it wonderful? (sorry, I cannot just "Like" your post because I am out of them).Also I thought Jorah was the blood of the First Men, not an Andal.It is true. I think that it makes no difference to the Dothraki, though. They just decided to call anybody from Westeros an Andal, it makes sense to me.Another nitpick: Why does Jorah speak to Quaithe, instead of Dany?  And why does he even go to search for her - as far as I remember the books, it was always Quaithe who randomly appeared in different scenes and gave some weird advice. I do not think one could just ... find her like this. Far too worldly for her.Also, a ridiculously minor nitpick that I am not even sure is correct: Measter Luwin should be riding a donkey instead of a horse when they go "hunting" for Brandon and Rickon.
					
					
							Edited by Buckwheat, 15 May 2012 - 12:42 PM.
1445	protar	2012-05-15	That explanation makes sense, I suppose. I also think it would be terribly out of character if he was the one who told the queen what happened.Yaaay! Isn't it wonderful? (sorry, I cannot just "Like" your post because I am out of them).It is true. I think that it makes no difference to the Dothraki, though. They just decided to call anybody from Westeros an Andal, it makes sense to me.Another nitpick: Why does Jorah speak to Quaithe, instead of Dany?  And why does he even go to search for her - as far as I remember the books, it was always Quaithe who randomly appeared in different scenes and gave some weird advice. I do not think one could just ... find her like this. Far too worldly for her.Also, a ridiculously minor nitpick that I am not even sure is correct: Measter Luwin should be riding a donkey instead of a horse when they go "hunting" for Brandon and Rickon.The show is RUINED!!!!! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1446	teemo	2012-05-15	Now you should count how long he spends talking about each character. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />  maybe I'll change my avatar to a watch.And I am with people who say WTF to the Hound in Sansa's bedroom.  First of all, why is he standing over her bed?  Creepy.  Second, why would he go rat her out to the queen?  He doesn't care about Cersei. And yes, I'm a book purist or whatever you want to call it, and I DON'T CARE.  I'm proud of it.  GRRM even admires his purists. AND contrary to bitching on here, I still appreciate the shows.  I am soooo glad that I get to see so many of my favorite characters who I have been obsessed with for almost ten years come to life on television.  It's amazing.  I wouldn't be keeping track of all the character screen-times if I didn't care (that'll be posted tonight, by the way).  But I still get annoyed when things deviate a lot from the book.  Sometimes I see the necessity, but oftentimes I don't.  You can tell when D&D are changing things to make it better for television, and then you can see the times where they think they are more clever and put their own spin on things.  That is what bothers me. I'm glad I started these threads.  Probably makes for less arguing on the general discussion thread too, since people can rant more on here about anything they wish.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 15 May 2012 - 01:03 PM.
1447	Buckwheat	2012-05-15	The show is RUINED!!!!! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Well, didn't you know it? We can handle all the stupid exposition with Ros, all the changes to various characters from Jaime to Cersei to Catelyn, we can handle the absence of the direwolves and the dragons, and Jon's stupidity, but a horse is no donkey! It completely ruins the message!/tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1448	Raksha the Demon	2012-05-15	Bad, bad me; I totally forgot about Maester Luwin's donkey in the books. /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />   I am shamed and can no longer call myself a purist!
1449	notakneeler	2012-05-15	lots of great nits already picked, but the following really bothers me.
In the book Quaithe is this mysterious character who shows up to warn Danny of coming dangers (and help make her a little paranoid.).  Readers can't even be sure Quaithe is actually there or only a projection. But in the show, anyone can find Quaithe monday to friday at her mystical mehndi parlour. Not only that, the one she speaks to is Jorah!
But her role as prophet of treachery has been made uneccessary by their weird take on Dany's character. All this yelling of "taking what is mine with blood and fire" nonsense really changes her growth arc in her dealings with the slaver cities for me.
Just the way they have "softened" Cersei and made Catelyn more of a "good mother", seems to me they are trying to build an "excuse" for Dany's ruthless taking of the Unsullied by her show treatment in Quarth. Unless they just hated her in the books, like so many on the boards seem to do, and are writing her as a spoiled drama queen because that's the way they see her. Having her distrust Jorah at this stage, with no real reason to do so, is another facet of writing her as a tempermental, paranoid brat.
1450	teemo	2012-05-15	lots of great nits already picked, but the following really bothers me.In the book Quaithe is this mysterious character who shows up to warn Danny of coming dangers (and help make her a little paranoid.).  Readers can't even be sure Quaithe is actually there or only a projection. But in the show, anyone can find Quaithe monday to friday at her mystical mehndi parlour. Not only that, the one she speaks to is Jorah!But her role as prophet of treachery has been made uneccessary by their weird take on Dany's character. All this yelling of "taking what is mine with blood and fire" nonsense really changes her growth arc in her dealings with the slaver cities for me.Just the way they have "softened" Cersei and made Catelyn more of a "good mother", seems to me they are trying to build an "excuse" for Dany's ruthless taking of the Unsullied by her show treatment in Quarth. Unless they just hated her in the books, like so many on the boards seem to do, and are writing her as a spoiled drama queen because that's the way they see her. Having her distrust Jorah at this stage, with no real reason to do so, is another facet of writing her as a tempermental, paranoid brat.Dany is actually brattier in the show, which I didn't think was possible.  I also agree about Quaithe. She only spoke to Dany in the books, was very mysterious with little to say, and on the show Quaithe and Jorah just chat about whatever, and she hasn't even spoken to Dany.  I don't really care either way, but it's an odd change.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 15 May 2012 - 01:54 PM.
1451	Natmus	2012-05-15	I'm glad I started these threads.  Probably makes for less arguing on the general discussion thread too, since people can rant more on here about anything they wish.Yes, these threads are a good place to went frustrations, and most complete showfans respect the purpose of this thread. Perhaps a converse thread should be started, "See no evil, hear no evil" or something to that effect, where it's only allowed to state positive opinions about the show, and nobody can disagree.Personally I like to point out the inconsistencies and dumb mistake that are results of the changes. Not because changes in itself are bad, but because I feel that more thought and work should be put into them. I feel that many changes are made on the micro level, without considering the greater whole they fit into, and that results in problems with the overall narrative. And the overall narrative is what is important, in my opinion. It just that some of the pieces that make the greater picture are more important than others.
1452	insertname	2012-05-15	Ok, Pyatt Pree is apparently an evil masterlord that can simply murder 11 of the most powerful in Quarth by himself. So....what exactly does he need Xaro for? Why is he letting him become king?
The next episode could potentially clear up his motives, but I'm not buying this...
1453	Buckwheat	2012-05-15	Bad, bad me; I totally forgot about Maester Luwin's donkey in the books. /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />   I am shamed and can no longer call myself a purist!There, there, it will be allright. No need to be ashamed of it, it is better not to be a book purist anyway. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1454	Kittykatknits	2012-05-15	The more I think about Dany this season, the more I don't like the changes. She's not one of my favorite characters but I don't hate her by any means, don't feel strongly one way or the other. Pretty much every chapter of hers in Dance had me face palming but she did quite a bit beforehand that I admired. But, with every episode that passes, I'm finding the show is changing my impression of her in the books. If this keeps up, I'm going to start fast-forwarding through her scenes.
The dragon stealing just does not add any tension at all for me. I still laugh when I think of it. Think about it, we know exactly what she's going to do. Travel to the House of the Undying, deliver a sternly worded lecture about fire and blood, and then she'll take what is hers. There is no suspense there for me. It's just silly.
The scenes I have enjoyed the most have been the ones with Jorah, maybe because they are closer to canon than the rest of them. Or maybe because he's so pleasant on the eyes...that could be it too.
					
					
							Edited by Kittykatknits, 15 May 2012 - 03:21 PM.
1455	birdsong66	2012-05-15	1.This:[img]http://asoiaf.westeros.org/public/style_images/asoiaf/snapback.png[/img]Rapsie, on 14 May 2012 - 04:42 PM, said:The Northern Army has 1 nurse. No Maesters. No Healers. One random nurse, to tend to thousands of men. Seriously?And this nurse can randomly walk into the King's tent and interrupt the conversation with Roose. Really? Plus, the King happily invites her with him to some random negotioations.God, YES, so much this!  Mr. Birdsong, an unsullied viewer, turned to me with the most priceless WTF look on his face.  The entirety of the Robb-Talisa Socially Conscious Nurse Lady is so much trite, cliche bullshit...it's just intellectually insulting, lowest common denominator...just, whatever, get it over with, the banality hurts my head.I can deal with all the other changes because in the face of the aforementioned, at least those are entertaining, or somewhat informative, and in some cases, surprisingly inventive.SIDENOTE:  They aren't softening Cercei up at all; They are showing her using the weapons in her "woman's arsenal" to attain her ends.  She's softening up Tryion, in truth.   She'll return to her sociopathic ways soon enough, so it's not really a valid nit-pick...it's a deftly performed bait-n-switch, IMO.
1456	FantA´me	2012-05-15	So,it's not really a nitpick specific to this episode but:I think Jon's arc in the show is a failure. I don't mean just for me, though of course as much as I tried to separate the show and the books I couldn't ignore the fact that they made me hate one of my favourite characters, and be bored by a great story arc ,but it's not just that .For all the Jon hatred that exists in this forum for example, I'd say Jon is still somehow a fan favourite. And I think many of those who hate him or are bored with him realize he's important, that he has a big part to play whether they like it or not. Also lands beyond the wall and what happen in them tend to fascinate many readers . On the other hand, I've been looking at some non spoiler threads about the series to see if my non reader friends opinion was widely shared, and indeed it seems that most of the viewers deem Jon useless, stupid (and who could blame them, show Jon is an idiot), uninteresting and his story arc the most boring and uninteresting one of all. I've seen a lot of posts commenting the fact that Danny's arc is an interesting story that seems to belong elsewhere when Jon's is just dull and useless. I don't deny that Jon's character and maybe the ambiance of the far North make it hard to adapt on screen but I don't know, maybe not to that extent.I'm glad I started these threads.  Probably makes for less arguing on the general discussion thread too, since people can rant more on here about anything they wish.I'm glad you did too. At first I expected (not wanted , just expected) a forum such as this one to be hard on people who like the show better than the books. I was really surprised that most of the intolerance to other opinions came from people who refuse to accept any kind of annoyance regarding unnecessary deviations. There may be many posters annoyed with changes big or small but I haven't seen many posts criticizing people for loving the show regardless of its accuracy to the books while the other way around is impossible to miss.SIDENOTE:  They aren't softening Cercei up at all; They are showing her using the weapons in her "woman's arsenal" to attain her ends.  She's softening up Tryion, in truth.   She'll return to her sociopathic ways soon enough, so it's not really a valid nit-pick...it's a deftly performed bait-n-switch, IMO.I think if it wasn't  their intention to soften her they wouldn't have made Joffrey responsible for ordering the murders of Robert's bastards and Cersei looking uncomfortable and upset about it.Unless she was lying but I doubt it.
					
					
							Edited by FantA´me, 15 May 2012 - 02:39 PM.
1457	LordofWinter	2012-05-15	things i didn't like:-jaime killing his cousin. because i forgot that jaime lannister is actually the blackhearted monster we've all been told about. so much for a redemption arc-Catelyn not finding out about her boys "being dead". though this stems from my annoyance that Catelyn is at Robb's camp, which stems from my annoyance that Jaime is travelling with Robb's camp, which stems from my annoyance that they refuse to introduce the audience to Riverrun already.-Tyrion/Cersei + sansa/shae new BFFs? this show has grown a habit of presenting completely different ideas right after another. In one scene we have Cersei wishing utter pain for her little brother and hoping that she is the one who gets to dispense it. and then in the very next scene they share they are some how sitting around drinking wine and chit-chatting about things like they've been friends since day 1. now mind you, had this scene taken place after jaime's escape/release like it was supposed to it would make sense because then she believes Jaime might be dead and is emotional and distraught. in this scene she was just drinking.  shae and sansa went from being complete strangers with justified levels of mistrust to confidants and partners in crime all without the need of pesky dialogue or visuals to get in the way.-bran/rickon bodies. a bit too obvious, but i'm going to cut the show some slack here because winterfell has been the closest this show gets to the book possible.-gregor clegane. worst casting ever. he seems as menacing as Robert from "everybody loves raymond", in fact that actor may have done a better job.....i'm kidding-jon/ygrette. i didn't like it. i'm hoping it gets better. but i think it'll get worse before it gets better.-varys. where the fuck is this guy?-Tywin Lannister, world's most entertaining Lord. Tywin does not smile, he does not laugh, and he doesn't offer his food to servants unless he believes it may be poisoned.things i'm on the fence about:-Tywin/Arya. at this point i'm convinced that Tywin knows something is up. which is why the scenes with these two aren't making me that upset, because he seems to be subtly probing for more information(offering her his food can be seen as him wanting to see if she had table manners, and he is clearly interested in her past and is not buying her lies), where that becomes a problem for me is when he starts giving her advice on how to continue her charade properly. but i'm hoping that whatever the writers have planned here it works out, because i would hate for the end of Tywin and Arya's time together come about but the issue of her identity isn't brought up at all.-Stolen dragons. so from what i can get from this story is; they wanted to make XXD look like a worse person, and they needed to add some sort of excitement to dany's story before she gets to the house of the undying or risk people losing interest in her story. both are understandable, but they better play out to actually be interesting instead of just being what i suspect and that they are just ways to overhype dany going to the HotU.things i liked:- the karstarks. well casted, well played.-jaime/Cat scene. great!!! both actors nailed this scene perfectly. i think it would have been better if cat had known about the boys because the amped up emotions would have worked beautifully in this scene. but other than that it was great.-ygrette. 1-the actress is doing a good job of portraying the role. 2- she finally said "you know nothing, jon snow"-Cersei/Sansa scene. this to me was one of the few times that the show seemed to understand the feel of the book. I thought Cersei was great in that scene. she was cold, yet slightly warm. Informative, yet misleading. the way she so calmly told sansa what little she had to look forward to in life  made me believe that we'll see the nutcase cersei soon to come. and sansa was great because she looked exactly as uncomfortable and scared as she was described in the books.
					
					
							Edited by LordofWinter, 15 May 2012 - 02:50 PM.
1458	Grey_Wind	2012-05-15	Pyat Pree's accent, I'm Scottish myself and it's embarrassing when he says "Babies"
1459	teemo	2012-05-15	blah. double post.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 15 May 2012 - 02:57 PM.
1460	teemo	2012-05-15	FantA´me - I agree.  Jon is really difficult to portray on television because almost everything interesting that happens in his arc is in his head.   He's an interesting guy on the inside, but on television he just looks like a dumbass standing around in the snow.  I have a friend who only watched the shows and hated Jon Snow because he was so boring and one-dimensional.  When I bought him the books, he was like, "Wow.  Jon is way more interesting than I ever realized."  His character has definitely been a failure in the show, imo.  Partially due to being difficult to translate, and partially the writers fault. I think there's a small chance that Cersei was BS'ing Tyrion, but honestly - I feel like it was genuine.  I think the writers were trying to give us a "touching glimpse" into Cersei's soul, but failed miserably at it.  I also think they really loved that "price of our sins" line so they could make a whole trailer revolved around it.  That's what I mean about D&D trying to get "cute" sometimes and think they can write things better. But I was totally wrong before when I thought Tywin was a total idiot for not noticing that Arya was a highborn.  I still he's sort of an idiot for not trying to get to the bottom of who she is, but not like before.  So, who knows.  It really did seem like Cersei was being genuine though.
1461	hiddenaway	2012-05-15	Wow that sucks actually. I was hoping he had more say in story changing decisions then that. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />He does have a fair amount of say.   He writes one episode per season, he consults on the series as a whole, and he's pretty invovled in the process.  At least as much as, say, Jk Rowling was involved in Harry Potter.  Yes, they have ultimate say b/c they bought the adaptation rights from Martin, but my guess is that Martin by and large agrees with all the changes they are making.   As a former TV writer, Martin certainly get's it more than many fans do on this forum.  Certain liberties have to be taken to condense and adapt a 1,500 page novel into a 10 hour TV series.  There's ALREADY too many characters for a normal TV audience who hasn't read the books to keep up with, do you really think it's plausible or even smart to be including characters like Courtney Penrose, the Reeds, Cleos Frey, etc.?  It's amazing they found a place for someone like Quaithe in this series.
1462	Raksha the Demon	2012-05-15	things i didn't like:-jaime killing his cousin. because i forgot that jaime lannister is actually the blackhearted monster we've all been told about. so much for a redemption arc-Catelyn not finding out about her boys "being dead". though this stems from my annoyance that Catelyn is at Robb's camp, which stems from my annoyance that Jaime is travelling with Robb's camp, which stems from my annoyance that they refuse to introduce the audience to Riverrun already.-Tyrion/Cersei + sansa/shae new BFFs? this show has grown a habit of presenting completely different ideas right after another. In one scene we have Cersei wishing utter pain for her little brother and hoping that she is the one who gets to dispense it. and then in the very next scene they share they are some how sitting around drinking wine and chit-chatting about things like they've been friends since day 1. now mind you, had this scene taken place after jaime's escape/release like it was supposed to it would make sense because then she believes Jaime might be dead and is emotional and distraught. in this scene she was just drinking.  shae and sansa went from being complete strangers with justified levels of mistrust to confidants and partners in crime all without the need of pesky dialogue or visuals to get in the way.-bran/rickon bodies. a bit too obvious, but i'm going to cut the show some slack here because winterfell has been the closest this show gets to the book possible.-gregor clegane. worst casting ever. he seems as menacing as Robert from "everybody loves raymond", in fact that actor may have done a better job.....i'm kidding-jon/ygrette. i didn't like it. i'm hoping it gets better. but i think it'll get worse before it gets better.-varys. where the fuck is this guy?-Tywin Lannister, world's most entertaining Lord. Tywin does not smile, he does not laugh, and he doesn't offer his food to servants unless he believes it may be poisoned.things i'm on the fence about:-Tywin/Arya. at this point i'm convinced that Tywin knows something is up. which is why the scenes with these two aren't making me that upset, because he seems to be subtly probing for more information(offering her his food can be seen as him wanting to see if she had table manners, and he is clearly interested in her past and is not buying her lies), where that becomes a problem for me is when he starts giving her advice on how to continue her charade properly. but i'm hoping that whatever the writers have planned here it works out, because i would hate for the end of Tywin and Arya's time together come about but the issue of her identity isn't brought up at all.-Stolen dragons. so from what i can get from this story is; they wanted to make XXD look like a worse person, and they needed to add some sort of excitement to dany's story before she gets to the house of the undying or risk people losing interest in her story. both are understandable, but they better play out to actually be interesting instead of just being what i suspect and that they are just ways to overhype dany going to the HotU.things i liked:- the karstarks. well casted, well played.-jaime/Cat scene. great!!! both actors nailed this scene perfectly. i think it would have been better if cat had known about the boys because the amped up emotions would have worked beautifully in this scene. but other than that it was great.-ygrette. 1-the actress is doing a good job of portraying the role. 2- she finally said "you know nothing, jon snow"-Cersei/Sansa scene. this to me was one of the few times that the show seemed to understand the feel of the book. I thought Cersei was great in that scene. she was cold, yet slightly warm. Informative, yet misleading. the way she so calmly told sansa what little she had to look forward to in life  made me believe that we'll see the nutcase cersei soon to come. and sansa was great because she looked exactly as uncomfortable and scared as she was described in the books.Yes, Shae and Sansa are becoming BFF's.  Next thing you know, they'll be going to bard concerts together and have picnics with Margaery when she comes to KL, and gossiping about Lions and Hounds or whatever.  I keep thinking that Shae is going to be furious when Sansa marries Tyrion; and she'll have more motivation for turning on both of them in her testimony at Tyrion's trial.  Tywin Lannister has really got too much time on his hands if he can spend precious moments chit-chatting with a cupbearer.   He doesn't even know her name, but has her tasting his food and is investigating her education and speech patterns?  Is he going to open up a Tywin Lannister Harrenhall Girls' Leadership Academy with his mysterious cupbearer as Head Girl?  I really don't mind the Tywin/Arya scenes too much; because it's a lot of fun to see them bouncing their considerable talent off each other.  It's not every young actress who can hold her own in a scene with Charles Dance. NuGregor shocked the heck out of me because he was actually good-looking.  I didn't recognize who he was supposed to be until Tywin called him by name.  Whoah, an attractive Mountain who speaks rather than growls!  My Continuity Hackles are bristling!Obviously, the viewers have forgotten that Jaime chucked a kid out the window in Season 1; the writers had to make him murder his cousin to remind us that He Is Evil.  Wonder if this Jaime will eventually turn on Brienne; he seems to be more of a sociopath than book-Jaime (who is not redeemed yet in my eyes, but wouldn't kill a cousin).
1463	Morrigan	2012-05-15	Also I thought Jorah was the blood of the First Men, not an Andal. The Dothraki call him "Jorah the Andal" because he comes from "Rhaesh Andali" (I'm sure I misspelled that, but can't be bothered to double-check right now), even if it's inaccurate. It's not really unbelievable that Asshai'i would do the same. If you're going to nitpick things at least remember the books. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1464	Onion Smuggler	2012-05-15	My minor nitpicks have all probably already been mentioned but I preferred the first seasons Gregor, but nevermind. 
The Robb Talisa thing is getting a bit out of hand, for a nurse she's pretty presumptuous in walking into Robb's tent. 
I'm in two minds about Pyat Pree, whether I find him ridiculous or not, apart from his scottish accent which is hilarious.
1465	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-15	I agree, it does feel spread out.Okay, I know this is the repurcussion free zone but I have to respond here. ASOIAF IS spread out. It's not the show's fault.My nitpick is the bran rickon death scene. When I read I thought it was real, call me naive. I have a lot of complaints about how they executed it, but the more I think about the less certain I am if they could have fooled viewers. We've seen SO much explicit violence, an offscreen death will always raise eyebrows. I think the restriction of the medium is clear here.
1466	Natmus	2012-05-15	Okay, I know this is the repurcussion free zone but I have to respond here. ASOIAF IS spread out. It's not the show's fault.I disagree, it is the show's fault. Remember there's a war being fought, the War of the Five Kings. But the show is making no attempt to explain how it is fought, where it is being fought, or how the war is affecting everybody. The book at least had a consistent storyline that allowed the reader to somewhat keep score of the big lines in the war, and events one place affected events another as the news spread. The show does no such thing, sacrificing the big picture in favour of largely made up character interactions and short-sighted thrills.Be honest, if you had only the information from the show to guide you, how much of the War of the Five Kings up till now could you explain?
1467	ikriti	2012-05-15	every single person i have talked to that has not read the books know that bran and rickon are not dead. it was spoiled before in the episode. in the book it was much more shocking to not know it was them. i really dont understand why they decided to give viewers a clue until after it happened....
					
					
							Edited by ikriti, 15 May 2012 - 05:25 PM.
1468	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-15	You have slightly more intelligent friends than I do. Most of them were whining about how "they only killed the Stark kids off to boost ratings." /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
1469	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	FantA´me - I agree.  Jon is really difficult to portray on television because almost everything interesting that happens in his arc is in his head.   He's an interesting guy on the inside, but on television he just looks like a dumbass standing around in the snow.  I have a friend who only watched the shows and hated Jon Snow because he was so boring and one-dimensional.  When I bought him the books, he was like, "Wow.  Jon is way more interesting than I ever realized."  His character has definitely been a failure in the show, imo.  Partially due to being difficult to translate, and partially the writers fault.I think there's a small chance that Cersei was BS'ing Tyrion, but honestly - I feel like it was genuine.  I think the writers were trying to give us a "touching glimpse" into Cersei's soul, but failed miserably at it.  I also think they really loved that "price of our sins" line so they could make a whole trailer revolved around it.  That's what I mean about D&D trying to get "cute" sometimes and think they can write things better. But I was totally wrong before when I thought Tywin was a total idiot for not noticing that Arya was a highborn.  I still he's sort of an idiot for not trying to get to the bottom of who she is, but not like before.  So, who knows.  It really did seem like Cersei was being genuine though.I disagree with regards to Jon, responding to Y's advances by saying I DONT WANT TO FATHER A BASTARD would have empowered Jon, explained a great deal of jon's motivations, explained his character, make the coupling that is to come more poignant,done so much to improve the interaction, a missed opportunity
1470	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-15	I disagree, it is the show's fault. Remember there's a war being fought, the War of the Five Kings. But the show is making no attempt to explain how it is fought, where it is being fought, or how the war is affecting everybody. The book at least had a consistent storyline that allowed the reader to somewhat keep score of the big lines in the war, and events one place affected events another as the news spread. The show does no such thing, sacrificing the big picture in favour of largely made up character interactions and short-sighted thrills.Be honest, if you had only the information from the show to guide you, how much of the War of the Five Kings up till now could you explain?I wouldn't be able to tell you about the war. But that was also the case after I read aCoK.You'll think I'm a terrible reader but what I got from aCoK was this: Common folk suffer from raiding Lannisters and Arya is among them.Robb is fighting somewhere (oxcross?) while five other highborn also want the iron throne.Harrenhal has new commanders every two days.Tyrion is preparing for the BoB for like forever.Meanwhile, Jon and Dany also have storylines while they have nothing to do with the war. That's still a scattered story. It isn't supercoherent so I don't think HBO failed in this. I simply don't agree that the war is a larger theme we ought to know more about in detail. To me, the books jump from location to location as well without a lot of war info.Edit for concision
					
					
							Edited by Dragon greyscale, 16 May 2012 - 03:39 AM.
1471	birdsong66	2012-05-15	@FANTOMEI think if it wasn't their intention to soften her they wouldn't have made Joffrey responsible for ordering the murders of Robert's bastards and Cersei looking uncomfortable and upset about it.Unless she was lying but I doubt it. Yes, I was referring to this specific episode.  Overall, we agree, D&D have made Cercei a shadow of the spiteful, merciless, sociopath we as readers are familiar with.  Their option, I guess, but poor form, IMO.I also think they really missed an excellent shock-value opportunity with the ending's hanging, burned corpses.  I was unsullied for the first season, so Ned's demise was, to say the least, a real fucking shock, though not to the viewers who have read the novels.  The same level of shock could easily have been presented, but for those that I know remain unsullied, they were not fooled at all.  To me, half the point of the scene, both TV and Novel, was to trick the audience into believing one thing, while revealing the truth at a future point.  While this happens with GRRM, D&D undershot the mark.  No one is fooled, and the future reveal is the worse for it, less impact, no punch.  It's just so...well...lame.  YMMV.
1472	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	correct, did I miss something but were both bodies missing arms?  What was the point of that?
1473	outdoorminer	2012-05-15	I am a reasonable person. I knew we wouldn't get everything that's in the books onscreen. But s1 was a virtual primer on how to condense and simplify complex, lengthy source material into an end product that was both great television and true in spirit to the books.s2 has been an exercise in dashing those expectations, and the deviations have reached critical mass for me. Yesterday morning I had to rewatch parts of the latest episode because I realized I didn't quite remember them - when they aired, I was too busy fighting off an urge to heave a brick at the screen (I think during the Robb/TalisaWhoMightBeJeyneWesterlingAfterAll exchange) to have actually paid sufficient attention.
1474	FantA´me	2012-05-15	@FANTOMEYes, I was referring to this specific episode.  Overall, we agree, D&D have made Cercei a shadow of the spiteful, merciless, sociopath we as readers are familiar with.  Their option, I guess, but poor form, IMO.Agreed.I also think they really missed an excellent shock-value opportunity with the ending's hanging, burned corpses.  I was unsullied for the first season, so Ned's demise was, to say the least, a real fucking shock, though not to the viewers who have read the novels.  The same level of shock could easily have been presented, but for those that I know remain unsullied, they were not fooled at all.  To me, half the point of the scene, both TV and Novel, was to trick the audience into believing one thing, while revealing the truth at a future point.  While this happens with GRRM, D&D undershot the mark.  No one is fooled, and the future reveal is the worse for it, less impact, no punch.  It's just so...well...lame.  YMMV.It was so unconvincing that many people seem to think they did it on purpose. Maybe because they're really young children and they thought it would be too shocking, I don't know. But then, the farmer's children are just as young so that must not be it. To be honest, reading the books, I hadn't really believed in their death either. Not because I had understood the purpose of the brooch mind you , I tend to be rather slow  for this kind of things /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> . But still the ending of Theon's hunt chapter did indicate that there was something we weren't told so I clung to this hope all the more because I didn't want to believe in their death. However, with every new chapter without news I was a little more scared, and thinking the whole time "He cannot have done that, Martin you son of a ,you didn't kill them ,please tell me you didn't..." , and Theon's chapter came as an incredible relief. From what I've seen of the forums you're right, there will be nothing like that for most non readers viewers and that's sad.
1475	Lord Baelish of the Aerie	2012-05-15	Since there is zero sign of the Bloody Mummers, and given that Cat asked Brienne for her sword at the end of ep7, I have a feeling that Cat is going to be the one who maims Jaime. Would be in league with the strong feminine characters in the show, but detract from her motherly caution regarding her daughters.
WTF is the buddy-buddy bonding between Twin and Arya?
Since when is Pyat Pree a godmode assassin? He is by far the coolest character yet in the show after the scene with the Thirteen, despite being a maggot in the books.
No Ramsay.
No Jeyne Westerling.
No Freys at Winterfell.
Undying stealing dragons.
Xaro wanting to be king of Qarth (good luck fixing that plot thread when the Qartheen blockade Merene and send Xero to treat).
Tyrion and Cersei lovey-dovey scene (although really sets the scene for the Meryn Trant betrayal on the bridge of ships)
TYWIN LANNISTER, ONE OF THE GREATEST MINDS IN WESTEROS, KNOWS THAT 'WEASEL' IS REALLY A NORTHERN NOBLE GIRL AND THAT ARYA STARK IS MISSING, YET LETS HER GO
All of Dany's handmaidens and bloodriders dying (maybe they're shortening the Essos story arc?)
Call me a purist, but season 2 is moving from 'adaptation to screen' to 'hell, screw you GRRM, lets just go with it". GRRM must hate making all his subtle foreshadowing so blatantly obvious. Yes, yes, he consents to all of the creative lee-way D&D are taking, but really. Its almost like the show creators have taken his baby hostage and say "we can chop off his left foot or right arm, which do you prefer?"
1476	teemo	2012-05-15	I guess most of my friends are dumb, because they all thought the kids were dead.
1477	Raksha the Demon	2012-05-15	Since there is zero sign of the Bloody Mummers, and given that Cat asked Brienne for her sword at the end of ep7, I have a feeling that Cat is going to be the one who maims Jaime. Would be in league with the strong feminine characters in the show, but detract from her motherly caution regarding her daughters.WTF is the buddy-buddy bonding between Twin and Arya?Since when is Pyat Pree a godmode assassin? He is by far the coolest character yet in the show after the scene with the Thirteen, despite being a maggot in the books.No Ramsay.No Jeyne Westerling.No Freys at Winterfell.Undying stealing dragons.Xaro wanting to be king of Qarth (good luck fixing that plot thread when the Qartheen blockade Merene and send Xero to treat).Tyrion and Cersei lovey-dovey scene (although really sets the scene for the Meryn Trant betrayal on the bridge of ships)TYWIN LANNISTER, ONE OF THE GREATEST MINDS IN WESTEROS, KNOWS THAT 'WEASEL' IS REALLY A NORTHERN NOBLE GIRL AND THAT ARYA STARK IS MISSING, YET LETS HER GOAll of Dany's handmaidens and bloodriders dying (maybe they're shortening the Essos story arc?)Call me a purist, but season 2 is moving from 'adaptation to screen' to 'hell, screw you GRRM, lets just go with it". GRRM must hate making all his subtle foreshadowing so blatantly obvious. Yes, yes, he consents to all of the creative lee-way D&D are taking, but really. Its almost like the show creators have taken his baby hostage and say "we can chop off his left foot or right arm, which do you prefer?"Maybe Tywin has indeed figured out that his clever cupbearer is the missing Arya Stark; and thinks that the best way to keep her alive and under his authority is to observe her without revealing her identity.  If he reveals her, he'd have to chain or imprison her, constraints which could physically damage her (and Tywin would want her kept healthy with his son being held hostage for her and Sansa's return), especially if she tried to escape (Tywin would be shrewd enough to know that she would try to bolt).  This way, Tywin might suppose; Arya thinks she's safe and stays put, under Tywin's control, where Tywin wants her.  Either that or Tywin really needs a new hobby, or a dog, or something to amuse him; if he's so lost himself as to find an orphan Northern girl-child amusing and good company - I might, but this is Tywin Lannister, who is not a kindly man to other people's children unless there is a particular purpose and maybe not even then, much less to a servant girl.  It would make no sense for Cat to have Brienne maim Jaime.  If she's releasing him to go back to KL and send her the girls in return, why hack off his hand - it will take awhile for him to get home, and blood loss/infection would probably kill him long before he made it back to King's Landing and the hoped-for exchange with Cat's daughters. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
1478	RoamingRonin	2012-05-15	Tywin sure likes the word "impunity", huh?
1479	erolyn	2012-05-16	All of Dany's handmaidens and bloodriders dying (maybe they're shortening the Essos story arc?)I'm still trying to work this out.One of the bloodriders (Rakharo?) got beheaded. We saw that. Kovarro is with her in Qarth. So...where is Aggo?Irri is dead. Doreah is missing. Where is Jhiqui? In the book, Doreah dies in the Red Waste, so Dany really SHOULD only have two handmaids in Qarth, but they've given no reason (at least that I can recall) as to where she is. And if they get rid of all her handmaids, who's she going to lez out with in Season 3? There's no way HBO is gonna pass up putting THAT on tv.
1480	Natmus	2012-05-16	I'm still trying to work this out....Where is Jhiqui?...Jhiqui is missing since season 1, episode 2. In that episode Dany had a second Dothraki handmaiden, a girl with curly brown hair echoing Irri's "It is known" line. Then the talk in the scene turned to Doreah's sexual prowess, and Dany was all 'can you teach me?'. Since that scene the handmaiden staff has been just Irri and Doreah.Doreah could easily (should, really) handle the sapphic scenes coming up, especially if you re-watch her work in that episode.
1481	Stickemwiththepointyend	2012-05-16	I really hate what they are doing to Cersei`s character. Cersei a teary eyed mother who thinks she's lost control over her evil kingplaying son instead of the scheming Queen-regent, who never seems to be bothered about her sons evil ways? Her going power-mad Targaryenstyle is not going to be believable at all. The touching stuff with Tyrion did happen in the books, but there she turned him away, which hurt him. In the books, Tyrion doesn't hate Cersei up until that point. The other way around however... but they're not giving us this in the show.
The Jaime parts were quite boring to me, and completely predictable. Ofcourse he was going to try to escape, and using a fellow prisoner was the easiest way to do it. I agree with several posters though, out-of character for killing a Lannister. And I also think Cat is going to cut off the hand. Saves us the Bloody Mummers, is a nice set up for vengeful UnCat and makes the character a little bit stronger after all the assassination that's been going on.  
Tywin-Arya thing has been going on for too long now, suspense is gone, I'm actually getting bored. Also, Arya was way too early thinking of murdering Ty. She hasn't made the connection of him planning everything, why should she want to murder him now? She's not a trained assassin yet. She's just trying to survive, killing only to save her own ass.  And killing your benefactor is not a good idea anyway. 
Same thing for Ygritte-Jon: boring. I do love the actress and her portrayal of Ygritte though. I'm hoping against all hope that they're still going to do the Qhorin- order- cloakturning, and very curious how they're meaning to do that, which is the only thing keeping me interested right now. I will be very disappointed if Jon betrays his Stark-honor over some pretty wildling smile like this. 
Qarth was ok, never really cared about those parts anyway. I see how they're trying to spice things up a bit, but it`s not working for me. Just give me the HotU already.
1482	Kaitscralt	2012-05-16	No complaints about the story... my nitpicking is mostly reserved for a few confusing sequences.
1) Shae does something incredibly stupid, but over-looking that, it was pointless as the Hound showed up anyways. So why have her do it? Because she is Tyrion's girlfriend and thus must do something cool?
2) Jorah talks to Quaithe, who gives him an "exciting" message, then we cut to Daenerys and the thieves are revealed without Jorah's help, making the Quaithe scene pointless.
3) Amory Lorch chased Arya around Harrenhal in episode six, causing quite a bit of commotion. Then after he is found dead, nobody in the camp told Tywin what Lorch was doing literally seconds before he died? This was sloppy writing.
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 16 May 2012 - 11:28 AM.
1483	Ser Piggy Of The Baby Back Rib	2012-05-16	What is up with the outfits of the Wildlings?  Instead of portraying the wildlings and a rag tag bunch of people who want to move south of the wall who dress in whatever they can scrounge up they look like a bunch of rebel soldiers on Hoth.
1484	SerMixalot	2012-05-16	No complaints about the story... my nitpicking is mostly reserved for a few confusing sequences.1) Shae does something incredibly stupid, but over-looking that, it was pointless as the Hound showed up anyways. So why have her do it? Because she is Tyrion's girlfriend and thus must do something cool?2) Jorah talks to Quaithe, who gives him an "exciting" message, then we cut to Daenerys and the thieves are revealed without Jorah's help, making the Quaithe scene pointless.3) Amory Lorch chased Arya around Harrenhal in episode six, causing quite a bit of commotion. Then after he is found dead, nobody in the camp told Tywin what Lorch was doing literally seconds before he died? This was sloppy writing.1. Why have her do it?  Cause D&D apparently skpped the Tyrion chapters.2. Didnt you notice that exciting cavalry charge of Jorah arriving at the last minute to save Dany?  Missed it?? probably because it was stupid.3. Or why Lorch being found with one of Tywin's messages in his dead hands didnt lead Tywin to consider that the lying northern high born intelligent girl in his solar might have had something to do with Lorch's death
1485	brashcandy	2012-05-16	Why do people think Cat would cut off Jaime's hand? I think it's more likely that Jaime ends up keeping the bloody hand in the show than I could see Cat wanting to cut it off. I thought she asked for the sword to make his swear an oath??
1486	Slingingstones	2012-05-16	There once lived two brothers, one named Book and the other named Video. It came to pass that they both set off on a journey to take them to the same destination.
Book, being traditional and somewhat large, took the slower path on foot.  His journey lasted many years, stopping along the way, for lunch, sleep, bodily functions; to fish the streams and snack on low hanging fruit that draped overhead along the winding trail.
Video, a modern streamlined version of his older brother, chose to make the journey by jet.  Although, starting much later than his brother, amazingly, they both arrived at journey's end at about the same time and location. They were happy to see each other and exchanged tales of their adventures.  Both were satisfied by the separate methods and routes they took, because, in the end they were together again.
Moral:
"I shall be telling this with a sigh
Somewhere ages and ages hence:
Two roads diverged in a wood, and Iâ<U+0080><U+0094>
I took the one less traveled by,
And that has made all the difference." ~~ R. Frost.
					
					
							Edited by Slingingstones, 16 May 2012 - 12:14 PM.
1487	Lord Baelish of the Aerie	2012-05-16	Irri is dead. Doreah is missing. Where is Jhiqui? In the book, Doreah dies in the Red Waste, so Dany really SHOULD only have two handmaids in Qarth, but they've given no reason (at least that I can recall) as to where she is. And if they get rid of all her handmaids, who's she going to lez out with in Season 3? There's no way HBO is gonna pass up putting THAT on tv.Missandei?
1488	Kaitscralt	2012-05-16	3. Or why Lorch being found with one of Tywin's messages in his dead hands didnt lead Tywin to consider that the lying northern high born intelligent girl in his solar might have had something to do with Lorch's deathI was just pretending that Jaqen took the letter, despite Arya not telling him about it.
1489	SerMixalot	2012-05-16	I was just pretending that Jaqen took the letter, despite Arya not telling him about it.shame that we have to pretend. /blushing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blushing:' />
1490	teemo	2012-05-16	For me, there's a lot of "I'll just pretend this happened off-screen" just to make it more enjoyable.
1491	Bloody-Nine	2012-05-16	One of the biggest nitpicks I have with this episode was Rickon telling Hodor and Osha that this random kid is the best tree climber he knows, and Bran doesn't even contradict him. WTF. What kind of little brother just hangs his big bro out to dry like that, everyone knows Bran is the best climber! He climbed up the towers of Winterfell!
1492	SerMixalot	2012-05-16	Winter FELL hee hee
and his dire wolf is Summer and he flies
hmmmmmmm
1493	Le Cygne	2012-05-17	I think it was out of character for them to make up a scene with Jaime killing a Lannister.  Of all the needless character changes in the show, that one bothers me the most.
Jaime's story, Jon's story, and Arya's story were the ones I most wanted to see.  Now Jon is wandering around without a clue and is letting a wildling call the shots.  Arya is not interacting with Jaqen, I guess mice feet in the bathhouse and weasel soup are out.
In Inside The Episode, David Benioff called Jaime a monster and a beast.  We knew he wasn't a great guy, but a monster and a beast?
The king (Aerys) committed horrific atrocities, including cooking Ned's father in his own armor and raping and beating the queen, and Jaime found all of this very hard to watch (something they showed in season 1).  Finally he forced Jaime's hand by ordering him to kill his own father, Tywin.
The incident with Ned's men was in response to Catelyn capturing and about to kill Tyrion for something he didn't do (and back then, he was also still trying to prove himself worthy to Tywin, something they showed in season 1).
He pushed Bran out the window because Cersei would have been beheaded for treason.  The children, too, and it was Cersei who had insisted that he have nothing to do with them.  At any rate, they were Lannisters.
So there's a pattern here, Tyrion, Tywin, Cersei, Lannisters.  When their lives are in danger, Jaime lashes out.
We know what Jaime was thinking at the time of this episode, because the first Jaime chapter in ASOS took place the next day.  And it turns out he had been thinking about the above things for a long time.
Jaime does a lot of things that day and the next (and this is before he loses his sword hand) that are in stark contrast to the way he behaved with Alton on the show.
So let's go over the events of the next day and the next couple of days.  This gives us a lot of insight into the time he's spent as a prisoner, too.
We find that he often thinks brash thoughts, but then does the opposite (that's a clear pattern, he talks a good game when it comes to being tough, but when it comes down to it, what does he actually do).
He reflects that he regrets pushing Bran out the window, and when Cersei said what if he tells and wanted him to finish him off, what he actually did was say we'll just say he's lying.  
Then he reflects that he wants to send the girls back to Catelyn so they'll see that he kept faith.
He is Brienne's captive and thinks he will kill her to escape, and yet he doesn't kill her.  And unlike Alton, she isn't a Lannister.
In fact, Jaime helps Brienne, someone he doesn't even know, someone who refuses to let him out of his chains.  Again and again.
When she is about to be picked off by the archers on the cliff, he creates a diversion.
When she tries to gets back into the boat, he could have killed her, but instead he helps her get back in.
When they are attacked again, he yells, Down! to protect her and his book cousin, Cleos.
(Speaking of Cleos, Jaime didn't particularly like him, but he was a Lannister. Throughout this and the prior books, we knew the Lannister family name meant a lot to him.)
So then he rides over to join Brienne instead of riding away.
He offers to take the arrows she had been hit with out for her.
When they are caught wrestling in the mud, he thinks up a story covering for both of them.
When the Bloody Mummers are threatening to rape her, he thinks up the Sapphires story so they won't do it.
He wants Brienne to call him Jaime, not Kingslayer.  Repeatedly.  We see people calling him Kingslayer really bothers him.  And he wants this woman who values honor to call him Jaime.
We see that while he's been in prison, he's been reflecting on his past deeds.
So that takes us to one day after he supposedly was in a state of mind to kill Alton, a Lannister, someone who was on his side, someone who wanted to help him.
And this is all before Jaime's hand was cut off.  
Then his hand is cut off.  He's in severe pain.  And he's still going out of his way to be nice to Brienne!  Even though he blames her for not letting him out of his handcuffs.
He keeps trying to help her.  He's acting the same way as before his hand was cut off.
So they're talking about raping her again.
He tells her to go away inside, because that's what he did when he couldn't stand hearing the queen getting raped and beaten by the king (Aerys), and all the other atrocities the king committed.
To protect Brienne, he yells, Sapphires!  He gets kicked in the stump for it and passes out.
And again, we see he doesn't want to be called Kingslayer, but Jaime.
He explains his actions to Brienne, trying to convince her he was justified (the same thing he did with Ned last season).  
Then he is free and headed back home.  But he comes back to rescue Brienne.  Even though he is unarmed and only has one hand, he jumps into a bear pit to defend her.
So here we are at a few days after the scene we saw in this episode.  He helped her before his hand was cut off and he helped her after.	
She's not a Lannister.  He was her prisoner for the most part, then later she was a fellow prisoner, and he was in severe pain, then later, he was free and she wasn't.  It didn't matter.
This is not the man we saw in "A Man Without Honor".
Also, in the book, he was unarmed and killed armed guards of the opposing army.  Then grabbed a sword and killed some more.
The book escape attempt was initiated by Tyrion, the brother he loves.  It was a good plan.  He had several armed men on his side in the war to help him break out.
This was the the impetus, not Jaime killing a Lannister to save his own skin and for no reason (he could have played dead), in what has been pointed out was not a good plan.
Also the redemption plot was carefully crafted to address what he did to the Starks (saving the Stark girls, which was also Brienne's mission).
But now he's a kinslayer.
					
					
							Edited by Le Cygne, 18 May 2012 - 07:31 AM.
1494	Evamitchelle	2012-05-17	Missandei?They'd first have to age her up considerably. She's not even 10 in the books...(And welcome to the boards Le Cygne !)
1495	Le Cygne	2012-05-17	Thank you!
					
					
							Edited by Le Cygne, 18 May 2012 - 07:27 AM.
1496	boojam	2012-05-17	3. Or why Lorch being found with one of Tywin's messages in his dead hands didnt lead Tywin to consider that the lying northern high born intelligent girl in his solar might have had something to do with Lorch's deathDid we actually see Lorch holding the letter in his death scene?Was Tywin even aware that it was gone?.... or that Lorch himself could be the one who took it with him.
1497	VicAceR	2012-05-17	Le Cygne : That's a very good analysis of the situation with Jaime.
But characters' modifications is not what bothers me the most : they still have the time to make it happen later (and let's not forget that Jaime actually tried to kill a child and killed two household guards of Ned, while trying to kill him, these events are still strong in mind for the non-readers viewers). 
What really bothers me is the lack of coherence, details and especially of some characters : 
- YELLOW FORK ? Come On, ARE YOU SERIOUS /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />  ?
- The Tully's ... ? One of the great houses, main non-northerners supporters of Robb's claim, 20k+ men on his side ... Father, uncle and brother of Catelyn ... Let's not forget who was actually wed at the Red Wedding. And so goes away the whole "Edmure's victory made Tywin fall back, causing him to regroup with the Tyrells, and kick Stannis' ass".
- So, Stannis ... We saw him (and Davos even less) in what ... 4 scenes ? A sex-scene, a meeting out of nowhere with Renly ... Only the letter's scene was great  ("they will bend the knee or I will destroy them"). So the viewers know what ? Robert's brother, f*cking a redhead is at war with the evil Joffrey. Ok, so what ? Nothing is said of his strength, of the way he will attack ...
- ... Which leads us to KL and Tyrion. In ACOK, during the whole book, Tyrion is working to prepare KL for Stannis' attack. When Joffrey or Cersei are doing shit, he ACTUALLY plans the defense of the city. And in the show ? Well he talked to an old man about some super-molotovs. No chain, no Kettlebacks, no Tommen away. GRRM wanted us to feel the injustice for Tyrion : he was courageous and hard-working to save the people of KL, and because he was betrayed and badly hurt, he fell in disgrace, leading to, in the end, the crossbow thing. It will sadly be nothing like this in the show. And don't get me wrong, Dinklage is still very good.
- If they make Jon look even more bad and stupid by making him joining the wildling without orders, I may actually kill myself. Ygritte is good but talks way too much about sex (and would have it been so hard for the writers to make Kit say "Because I don't want to father a bastard" ? Jon would have looked way less stupid IMO).
- Starks bannermen : We are at war ... SO, why didn't we hear of the Karstark's before episode 7 of A CLASH OF KINGS ? They are one of the main Nothern houses .. And we wouldn't have heard of them if it wasn't for the Jaime thing (quite stupid to have him kill Alton).
Obviously, the same applies for the other houses : Flint, Glover, Tallhart, Manderly ... Very sad.
- Don't even get me started with the "King of Quarth" or the babiiiies of Dany.
- Winterfell's plot is not badly done. But the children's deaths are hard to believe for the viewer. Since Bran is a POV character it would have been showed ... Especially in the show. Loved the episode ending music though. 
There are quite a lot of other nitpicks but I won't list them all, all of you have already said much. 
So there is still some pieces of awesome in this show : acting, medieval credibility, some scenes (Catelyn vs the Karstarks and Jaime's shout in its end) ... But the writers are actually gradually f*ucking up all the plot of ASOIAF. And NO, they're not making it "in another way", they're just screwing it.
-
1498	seikai	2012-05-17	Just watched this episode...am I the only one that was disappointed with the way they depicted the scene with Sansa's period? I don't really like the way they're portraying Sansa so far... it's like they're taking away all the parts that show that she does have spunk (I hate using that word, but I can't think of any other word that fits).
First they take away the scene with the Hound where she comes out and tells him that Ser Gregor is no knight - something that I think was a bit of a turning point in their relationship. Now they're changing it so that all she does during her flowering is cry and weep and look to Shae to do everything. During the beginning of this series, Sansa rarely has moments where she shows she has some fight in her. I personally loved this scene in the book where she discovers she's having her period, then promptly goes and tries to burn the entire mattress down (which ends up almost burning down a big portion of the castle). It really shows how alone she is, her desperation, and it goes to show the extent of how much she dislikes Joffrey (which helps show an improvement from her previous attitude of liking the horrible brat). I also found the entire scene somewhat hilarious, in a dark humor sort of way. I think it makes for a far more hilarious awkward moment when the maid barges into the room, only to see a bloody and half naked Sansa pushing her entire mattress into a huge fire she built in her room, then Sansa having to be restrained by three maids as she desperately tried to burn the thing down. I think it also gives more humor to the moment when Cersei joked that she heard that Sansa was trying to burn the castle down, and that she sees that having Joffrey's kids is not a very appealing idea to her now - it just sounds like such a funny understatement.
(As an aside, I'm getting funny mental images imagining the Hound being there while she burns the mattress down. I can imagine him looking absolutely terrified, while the entire room smells of period blood smoke. Maybe I'm just strange to find this funny...)
					
					
							Edited by seikai, 17 May 2012 - 01:00 PM.
1499	Jolene Brown	2012-05-17	I think the concern is that Book and Video are never going to reach the same destination at all.  True Blood is sort of a test case regarding this.  I'm hopeful with ASOIAF, because the books themselves seem a little more iconic, but especially with them up to Season 3 already and at least 2 books unwritten in the book series, it's hard not to be concerned that Book and Video will end up about a continent away from each other.  These smaller changes signify larger ones yet to come, especially when they affect characterization.
1500	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-17	Enough with the Arya and Tywin show at Harrenhal.
1501	SerMixalot	2012-05-17	I think the concern is that Book and Video are never going to reach the same destination at all. True Blood is sort of a test case regarding this. I'm hopeful with ASOIAF, because the books themselves seem a little more iconic, but especially with them up to Season 3 already and at least 2 books unwritten in the book series, it's hard not to be concerned that Book and Video will end up about a continent away from each other. These smaller changes signify larger ones yet to come, especially when they affect characterization.Supposedly GRRM has confided what happens to the major players, to the writers so incase of his demise (god forbid) the show can fulfill his goals for the story
1502	teemo	2012-05-17	That is a really terrifying thought.  I would hate for the fate of all these characters to be in the hands of television writers.  I'd rather them not have a fate than that.
1503	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-17	That is a really terrifying thought. I would hate for the fate of all these characters to be in the hands of television writers. I'd rather them not have a fate than that.Really? I mean, it's distasteful speculation anyway but I'd rather see a television ending than no ending at all. You sound a bit fanatical to be honest.But I don't  think GoT will get that far either. It's unheard of for a series of this scale to continue for 7/8 straight seasons. D&D won't perish but the ratings will.
1504	teemo	2012-05-17	Well, all my close friends and family tell me I'm fanatical about everything, so that doesn't surprise me.  Maybe it's part of being a 20 year old girl.  I am just super intense about everything, sorry.  I need to calm down sometimes.  And yeah, I doubt it will go for eight seasons.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 17 May 2012 - 05:06 PM.
1505	Davos55	2012-05-17	Nothing wrong with being a bit fanatical sometimes! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
You are just a big fan of the books and want to see the proper conclusion that they deserve, I don't blame you for that at all. If I had to see the ending to this series on tv, I would be disappointed too.  I also unfortunately don't believe a show of this scale and large cast will be able to go on to finish all of the books (including the ones not released), so I am very curious as to what they will do in the show when their time is up.
Obviously this is very premature speculation, and I am very excited for season 3 and hopefully season 4, where my favorite of the series so far, ASOS, will have its time in the spotlight.
1506	teemo	2012-05-17	Aw, thanks Davos.  Yeah, I am very curious about the future of the show too.  I think a lot about the kids, especially.  Arya is going to grow up really fast.  She's only 11 in the fifth book!  Anyway, I know I'm kind of a crazy fanatic, but I'm just very protective of the things I like.  I know you get it!  You should see me defend my friends /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />  I love your signature, by the way.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 17 May 2012 - 10:28 PM.
1507	Jon Black	2012-05-17	Jamie killing Alton was of course a bit of a shitty one. Out of character and didn't need to happen.This.
1508	Davos55	2012-05-17	Aw, thanks Davos.  Yeah, I am very curious about the future of the show too.  I think a lot about the kids, especially.  Arya is going to grow up really fast.  She's only 11 in the fifth book!  Anyway, I know I'm kind of a crazy fanatic, but I'm just very protective of the things I like.  I know you get it!  You should see me defend my friends /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />  I love your signature, by the way.No problem! You know I always have your back! You and I tend to agree on most things on here haha..so I guess I am fanatical as well! The aging of the kids will definitely be interesting to see, and since they already started out older, this will only continue to grow more apparent. Perhaps with the darker stuff to happen to some of them, they want them to be older for the audience anyways?I definitely get where you are coming from. I am very protective of things I really love in the novels, which is why I went on a huge rant about Jon's storyline for instance, because his arc in ACOK is one of my favorites without a doubt.  I also am protective of my friends..I feel like they deserve to be backed up, and I like to think they would do the same with me! There isn't really anything more important than friends and family in my opinion!Thank you! I appreciate that.  Davos is my favorite character for sure, and that line really sums up his true loyalty..plus..The Onion Knight is such a badass nickname! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1509	David Selig	2012-05-18	That is a really terrifying thought.  I would hate for the fate of all these characters to be in the hands of television writers.  I'd rather them not have a fate than that. GRRM was a television writer himself for more than a decade. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1510	SerMixalot	2012-05-18	Really? I mean, it's distasteful speculation anyway but I'd rather see a television ending than no ending at all. You sound a bit fanatical to be honest. But I don't think GoT will get that far either. It's unheard of for a series of this scale to continue for 7/8 straight seasons. D&D won't perish but the ratings will.true dat, Deadwood still has me wanting more
1511	Kings of winter	2012-05-18	I believe they have already started casting for seasons 3 and 4, from what I read they are looking to cast daario and men over the age 18 under 5ft tall (children of the forest?) if that's true seasons 3 and 4 will take us well into ADWD. So in reality they could finish the series.
1512	Ran	2012-05-18	Crannogmen, probably. Or the little Hornfoots, perhaps. Not children of the forest -- I'll eat my hat if they decide to trot those out this season.
1513	Kings of winter	2012-05-18	I hope your right Ran, it's just the way that season 2 has seemed so rushed and poorly done compared to season 1 got me thinking that way. The more time they take telling a great story like this the better.
1514	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-18	Would telling Alton to play dead have been too hard? Really? /sleep.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='-_-' />Yeah, really.  Jon-Boy Alton was such a sweet kid, too. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s impossible to justify his wanton murder. Jaime the Jerk must die for his sins.  Only life pays for death, and ÉsÉ1É<U+0099>E<U+008C> É<U+0099>É<U+0094>á´<U+0089>E<U+008C>.
1515	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-18	I hope your right Ran, it's just the way that season 2 has seemed so rushed and poorly done compared to season 1 got me thinking that way. The more time they take telling a great story like this the better.Thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s at this point an inexorable difference between seasons one and two: a yearâ<U+0080><U+0099>s worth of contemplation, rewatching, and perspective. It is perfectly possible, and perhaps even likely, that your opinion about this sophomore season shall, like a young wine just laid up in store,  mellow and soften with the tincture of time.You cannot judge a TV show by its one-for-one correspondences with the book upon which it is based. You must judge the TV show as the TV show alone, divorced from the book.  It must succeed or fail on its own merits: even the most fawningly faithful of sycophantic adaptations must be judged solely on the basis of its viability in the new medium, not its old one.Try talking to people whoâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve only seen the show, ones who have NOT read the books.  I think youâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll be surprised â<U+0080><U+0094> and pleasantly so, too.
1516	Rapsie	2012-05-18	Crannogmen, probably. Or the little Hornfoots, perhaps. Not children of the forest -- I'll eat my hat if they decide to trot those out this season.God I pray you are right. But just in case I'd buy one of those nacho hats. After Season 2 I am not sure what they are planning. /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />Try talking to people whoâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve only seen the show, ones who have NOT read the books. I think youâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll be surprised â<U+0080><U+0094> and pleasantly so, too.The only person I've talked to who is watching the series but hasn't read the books, is really excited to see how Arya takes out Tywin or if Tywin will work out who she is. They also really like Shae and firmly believe she is the "hooker with the heart of gold", they think Dany is a complete idiot and are waiting for her to get killed off. Also the Robb and Talisa thing just bores them to the point they are getting bored with that part of the story. Also they completely weren't fooled by the burnt bodies and more importantly had forgotten that Rickon existed (despite having watched Seaon 1).Hopefully you have had a better experience with people who haven't read the books.My main concern is that while the scenes between Arya and tywin are brilliant, if Tywin suddenly later realises it was Arya, then that is a major plot change. If he doesn't then there will be a sort of what was the point to that reaction? Already we have missed Arya's development as the Ghost of Harrenhall. We have missed her practising her sword fighting and saying her prayer to the old gods and more importantly we have missed a certain man, taking a a certain bath, which given the Ros exposure we have all endured, I think we are entitled to. /communist.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':commie:' />
1517	SerMixalot	2012-05-18	God I pray you are right. But just in case I'd buy one of those nacho hats. After Season 2 I am not sure what they are planning. /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' /> The only person I've talked to who is watching the series but hasn't read the books, is really excited to see how Arya takes out Tywin or if Tywin will work out who she is. They also really like Shae and firmly believe she is the "hooker with the heart of gold", they think Dany is a complete idiot and are waiting for her to get killed off. Also the Robb and Talisa thing just bores them to the point they are getting bored with that part of the story. Also they completely weren't fooled by the burnt bodies and more importantly had forgotten that Rickon existed (despite having watched Seaon 1). Hopefully you have had a better experience with people who haven't read the books. My main concern is that while the scenes between Arya and tywin are brilliant, if Tywin suddenly later realises it was Arya, then that is a major plot change. If he doesn't then there will be a sort of what was the point to that reaction? Already we have missed Arya's development as the Ghost of Harrenhall. We have missed her practising her sword fighting and saying her prayer to the old gods and more importantly we have missed a certain man, taking a a certain bath, which given the Ros exposure we have all endured, I think we are entitled to. /communist.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':commie:' />and who do you think Tywin will think about when Cersei and Tyrion tell him Arya escaped KL?
1518	Natmus	2012-05-18	Getting back to the more narrow scope of this thread, nitpicking, and perhaps taking a view towards the coming episodes and Blackwater in particular:
We are told by Tyrion that Stannis' fleet is 4 or 5 days away from Kings Landing. But Tywin is still kicking his heels at Harrenhal, mainly taking an unusual interest in his young female cupbearer. But shouldn't he begin thinking of packing up and moving towards a rendevouz with the Tyrell forces so that they can make a surprise attack on Stannis' army during its attack? Oh, and has the Tyrell alliance been confirmed yet?
I have understood that the entire Riverlands part of the story has been cut, Tywin will not try to go west to fight Robb Stark (despite the message Arya intercepted, mentioning 10.000 men moving by the Golden Tooth.) and underway west, as Edmure Tully defended the fords, was found by messengers and turned around, moving on barges down the Blackwater.
Even with all that gone, if Tywin is going to get moving if the Blackwater battle is about to happen inside a week. Unless Littlefinger shows up with his portal device that will let the Lannister army appear near Kings Landing instantaniously /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
We shall see how this is sorted out in-show, but I will be on the alert for a plothole right there.
1519	SerMixalot	2012-05-18	isnt harrenhall like 2 or 3 weeks from KL?  in the book, i know, but you know
1520	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-18	Getting back to the more narrow scope of this thread, nitpicking, and perhaps taking a view towards the coming episodes and Blackwater in particular: We are told by Tyrion that Stannis' fleet is 4 or 5 days away from Kings Landing. But Tywin is still kicking his heels at Harrenhal, mainly taking an unusual interest in his young female cupbearer.Whatever would give you the idea that all that is happening simultaneously?  Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s plainly impossible, because it is simply not physically possible for Tywin to get his army from Harrenhall to Kingâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing in that length of time. Harrenhall is nearly 400 miles from Kingâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing.  How many miles a day do you think an army can march?  If you think itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s 100, youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re nuts, but thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the only way those things could be going on at the same time.Since that is plainly impossible, they plainly are not going on at the same time.
1521	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-18	isnt harrenhall like 2 or 3 weeks from KL?  in the book, i know, but you knowThe army of Edward IV once marched 28 miles in a single day, and it was considered such an amazing feat that it is still remembered to this day â<U+0080><U+0094> and well it should be, considering that thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s farther than a marathon. Roman legionnaires calculated a dayâ<U+0080><U+0099>s march as 15 miles per day, or 20 on a forced march which cannot be sustained.Harrenhall is almost 400 miles from Kingâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing.  Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s about 3 weeks away moving at an unrealistic and unsustainable speed, or about 4 weeks away moving more normally.
1522	SerMixalot	2012-05-18	so 4 days, no problemo
1523	Natmus	2012-05-18	Whatever would give you the idea that all that is happening simultaneously?  Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s plainly impossible, because it is simply not physically possible for Tywin to get his army from Harrenhall to Kingâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing in that length of time. Harrenhall is nearly 400 miles from Kingâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing.  How many miles a day do you think an army can march?  If you think itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s 100, youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re nuts, but thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the only way those things could be going on at the same time.Since that is plainly impossible, they plainly are not going on at the same time. I think you are glaringly correct.Many people assume that time in the show is a strict progression of cause to effect, but actually, from a non-linear, non-subjective viewpoint, it's more like a big ball of wibbly wobbly timey wimey... stuff. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
1524	House Snow	2012-05-18	The time discussions are kind of silly.  Plenty show jump from one date to another without explanation.  Not sure why GOT is being held to some different standard.  I mean if on your favorite drama someone is in Philadelphia one minute and LA the next minute, not one goes omg timetravel/magic-everyone just assumes the guy got a plane-and noone needed to see it.  Same with the show.  LF in Renly camp one sec in harranhal the next-simply says the amount of time passed is whatever amount it takes for LF to ride from one locale to another.  Really people.
					
					
							Edited by House Snow, 18 May 2012 - 06:43 PM.
1525	SerMixalot	2012-05-18	The time discussions are kind of silly.  Plenty show jump from one date to another without explanation.  Not sure why GOT is being held to some different standard.  I mean if on your favorite drama someone is in Philadelphia one minute and LA the next minute, not one goes omg timetravel/magic-everyone just assumes the guy got a plane-and noone needed to see it.  Same with the show.  LF in Renly camp one sec in harranhal the next-simply says the amount of time passed is whatever amount it takes for LF to ride from one locale to another.  Really people.they have planes in Westerosi?
1526	House Snow	2012-05-18	What do you want them to do, given that everyone will be traveling for the rest of the serious, start every sentwnce with 2 days ago?
1527	teemo	2012-05-18	they have planes in Westerosi? /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> Only LF does, I think.
1528	moonsblood	2012-05-18	Why hasn't Sansa met with Dontos yet? wtf was even the point of introducing him.
Is Quaithe only going to talk to Jorah? Lame
The scene where Pyat killed the 13 was so cheesy looking, and I can't look at Pyat without thinking about the bald guy from Community (ruins it)
If the Reeds are completely cut, I'm not sure I will be able to keep watching.
The dead orphans looked like mannequins.
1529	teemo	2012-05-18	Why hasn't Sansa met with Dontos yet? wtf was even the point of introducing him.Wow, nice one.  I totally forgot about that.  What the hell happened to Dontos?  Maybe they'll start doing their meetings next season, although I doubt anyone will remember who the heck he is by then...
1530	brashcandy	2012-05-18	Wow, nice one.  I totally forgot about that.  What the hell happened to Dontos?  Maybe they'll start doing their meetings next season, although I doubt anyone will remember who the heck he is by then...Yeah, definitely next season it seems, but I guess they'll choose to end her season 2 arc with the Dontos plan as a kind of cliff hanger.
1531	Rapsie	2012-05-19	@ Brashcandy
Seems likely. Although as they have almost removed Sansa's entire storyline in favour of reducing her to a simple abuse victim trying to survive, I don't have many hopes for her development in Season 3 or 4. She comes across as a minor character who reflects how bad Joff is and little else.
1532	birdsong66	2012-05-19	I've just re-read the Catelyn/Jaimie scene, and I'm left wondering why it is that D&amp;D saw fit to leave out the part where Jaime states straight to her face "Littlefinger had you first, didn't he."  If we have LF teleporting himself everywhere, confessing his "love" and "fated to be together" delusions, why not allow for Catelyn to become aware of what he's been telling everyone about them throughout the years as well.  What purpose does it serve to leave that, as well as the descriptions of Rickard/Brandon's deaths in KL, out entirely?Granted, it had little effect in the book, but it seems that D&amp;D have taken great efforts to "fill in the blanks" for the viewers, and if they have decided to portray LF in HBOGoT as dramatically different as they apparently have, why not provide the above reveal as well?Just wondering...ETA: And why no discussion re: the origins and description of the dagger used in the attempt on Bran's life?  Instead we get THE VOWS and Ned fucked another woman, so you hate the bastard named Snow?  WTF?
					
					
							Edited by birdsong66, 19 May 2012 - 08:43 AM.
1533	Kittykatknits	2012-05-19	Yeah, definitely next season it seems, but I guess they'll choose to end her season 2 arc with the Dontos plan as a kind of cliff hanger.@ BrashcandySeems likely. Although as they have almost removed Sansa's entire storyline in favour of reducing her to a simple abuse victim trying to survive, I don't have many hopes for her development in Season 3 or 4. She comes across as a minor character who reflects how bad Joff is and little else.He was originally in the courtroom scene where she is beaten but was cut out. So, ending on that cliffhanger seems like a good ending.Her minor role to show how bad Joffrey is will be over at the end of this season. In season three, she'll be the horribe and selfish girl who marries Tyrion but fails to see what a great guy he is or understand that he would be a good husband to her if only she would get past hersef and appreciate his inner goodness./sarcasm
1534	seikai	2012-05-19	@ BrashcandySeems likely. Although as they have almost removed Sansa's entire storyline in favour of reducing her to a simple abuse victim trying to survive, I don't have many hopes for her development in Season 3 or 4. She comes across as a minor character who reflects how bad Joff is and little else.I totally agree. I just keep getting this feeling that they are really sidelining Sansa's storyline and point of view. In this show, you'd never think she was actually one of the main characters - it's more like she's a side character that shows up for Tyrion's story or something. I especially hate that they keep taking out parts that show insight into her thought process. For example, they've been deleting or watering down tons of interaction between her and the Hound. This past interaction just seemed so pathetic and brief - Sansa sounds like she's just whining about how the Hound is so mean, and runs away from him as soon as she can, instead of staying and debating with him for a while before leaving when he tells her to leave. I liked how she was one of the few  people who bothered debating with the Hound, and in this version, she just comes off as much weaker.And don't even get me started with the mob scene. She gets saved by the Hound and acts mute and traumatized (which is perfectly normal for anyone else - but this was an opportunity to show Sansa being strong!), whereas in the books she was acting almost apologetic and saying sadly that she couldn't give bread to them when they asked for it. I thought they missed out on an opportunity to show Sansa's good nature and strong will once again.
1535	Morrigan	2012-05-19	- YELLOW FORK ? Come On, ARE YOU SERIOUS /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />  ?Wait... what? Has anyone referred to an alleged Yellow Fork in the TV show? I must have missed it. If that's true... that's... I don't know whether to laugh or cry.
1536	Kittykatknits	2012-05-19	I totally agree. I just keep getting this feeling that they are really sidelining Sansa's storyline and point of view. In this show, you'd never think she was actually one of the main characters - it's more like she's a side character that shows up for Tyrion's story or something. I especially hate that they keep taking out parts that show insight into her thought process. For example, they've been deleting or watering down tons of interaction between her and the Hound. This past interaction just seemed so pathetic and brief - Sansa sounds like she's just whining about how the Hound is so mean, and runs away from him as soon as she can, instead of staying and debating with him for a while before leaving when he tells her to leave. I liked how she was one of the few  people who bothered debating with the Hound, and in this version, she just comes off as much weaker.And don't even get me started with the mob scene. She gets saved by the Hound and acts mute and traumatized (which is perfectly normal for anyone else - but this was an opportunity to show Sansa being strong!), whereas in the books she was acting almost apologetic and saying sadly that she couldn't give bread to them when they asked for it. I thought they missed out on an opportunity to show Sansa's good nature and strong will once again.Out of all the major characters in the series, her storyline is the most decimated. I have no idea why but I am very disappointed. Every scene this season shows the same three things: Sansa enters, Sansa is abused, Sansa exits. In the books, we saw examples of empathy and courage, we aso saw her talking over Joffrey a few times and him being to stupid to get it. This is one of many, many reasons why I am disappointed with the second season of this show.
1537	seikai	2012-05-19	Out of all the major characters in the series, her storyline is the most decimated. I have no idea why but I am very disappointed. Every scene this season shows the same three things: Sansa enters, Sansa is abused, Sansa exits. In the books, we saw examples of empathy and courage, we aso saw her talking over Joffrey a few times and him being to stupid to get it. This is one of many, many reasons why I am disappointed with the second season of this show.Yes, I know what you mean! I know a lot of people don't like Sansa, and even though she isn't as badass as Arya or as funny as Tyrion, I thought her storyline was still one of the more interesting ones. I think it's a shame that they're reducing her to being a very one-dimensional suffer-in-silence damsel in distress. Like you mentioned, it's those moments where she manages to talk over Joffrey and show that she has fight in her that makes her scenes THAT much more interesting. It's nice that they kept in the scene with Ser Dontos, but they got rid of other scenes where she risked Joffrey punishing her in order to speak up. I remember that during the riot, she was one of the first people to tell Joffrey to let the person who threw the cow pie at him go.As an aside, I am NOT liking that Shae is getting more attention compared to Sansa. It's not cool that Shae got to act all calm and focused during Sansa's period, while Sansa was just lying there crying and whimpering and looking to Shae to do everything. Once again, they missed out on giving Sansa an interesting scene (I mean, she freaking BUILT A FIRE IN THE MIDDLE OF HER BEDROOM and SHOVED HER MATTRESS INTO IT. While it's a naive idea, you have to admit it takes a lot of guts to try that.). Something is very wrong when Shae seems like a more main character than Sansa.
					
					
							Edited by seikai, 19 May 2012 - 07:21 PM.
1538	teemo	2012-05-19	Not to mention, since when did they become BFF?  It's like a scene was left out or something.
1539	Kittykatknits	2012-05-19	Between Sansa, Jon, and Jaime, I'm not really sure what to think. We have the butterfly effect in force now too. So all these changes are just going to be more pronounced.
I *think* the logic with Shae was to give Sansa a method to voice the inner thoughts that she had in the book. I don't like it either though.
The cynic in me thinks the problem is that Sansa can't take her dress off but I'm trying hard not to have thought that. I also think we may see more characterization from here in season three when the show can show how ungrateful and selfish she is for not being delighted for being forcibly being married to Tyrion The Hero.
1540	seikai	2012-05-19	Not to mention, since when did they become BFF?  It's like a scene was left out or something.Exactly. It just goes against Sansa's character... I just can't imagine her confiding in and trusting Shae when she knows Shae works for the Lannisters. Not unless Shae did something to really save Sansa's ass somewhere along the line. There were very few people Sansa trusted when trying to survive Joffrey's reign - and the few people she DID sort of trust, she was still extremely cautious around (e.g. Ser Dontos, whom she was still having wary thoughts about, and the Hound, whom she trusted enough to protect her, but did not trust enough to completely drop the facade of not "luffing Joffrey" - like when she lied to him about praying for Joffrey's safety).
					
					
							Edited by seikai, 20 May 2012 - 01:12 AM.
1541	seikai	2012-05-19	Between Sansa, Jon, and Jaime, I'm not really sure what to think. We have the butterfly effect in force now too. So all these changes are just going to be more pronounced.I *think* the logic with Shae was to give Sansa a method to voice the inner thoughts that she had in the book. I don't like it either though.The cynic in me thinks the problem is that Sansa can't take her dress off but I'm trying hard not to have thought that. I also think we may see more characterization from here in season three when the show can show how ungrateful and selfish she is for not being delighted for being forcibly being married to Tyrion The Hero.Yeah, I guess they're trying to show Sansa's inner thoughts through her interactions with Shae. It's sad, because they could've accomplished the same thing more effectively by including the scenes with the Hound, more scenes of Sansa's small defiances against Joffrey, and the scene where she told Ser Meryn (yes, the man who beat the crap out of her with the back of his sword) to his face that he was no true knight. Just those scenes could show Sansa's disgust with the knights, prince, and queen that she loved so much previously, as well as her struggle to stay alive while at the same time doing what's right. They don't need her to have a slumber party with her new BFF Shae in order to spill her woes out that way.You're probably right that they didn't include that scene because they didn't want to show her naked. But I really wouldn't have minded if they decided to keep her nighties on (perhaps give the nighties a blood stain), and still have her trying to set the mattress on fire. They can exercise a bit of creativity there - just like how they didn't have Dany actually show one breast at Quarth (no matter how happy that would've made Ser Jorah). Ha ha, I'm also wondering how they're going to approach Tyrion's wedding to her. I can imagine them making her look completely unsympathetic when she refuses to kneel so he can put the cloak on her. Wouldn't be surprised if more Sansa hate springs up after that episode.
1542	teemo	2012-05-20	I would guess that they will definitely take a different spin on that.  Since Tyrion is a fan favorite, they're not going to want to make him look like a creepy pedophile.
1543	Buckwheat	2012-05-20	Between Sansa, Jon, and Jaime, I'm not really sure what to think. We have the butterfly effect in force now too. So all these changes are just going to be more pronounced.I *think* the logic with Shae was to give Sansa a method to voice the inner thoughts that she had in the book. I don't like it either though.The cynic in me thinks the problem is that Sansa can't take her dress off but I'm trying hard not to have thought that. I also think we may see more characterization from here in season three when the show can show how ungrateful and selfish she is for not being delighted for being forcibly being married to Tyrion The Hero./ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> (yes, I understand your sarcasm)If they show her as a stupid brat not wanting to give herself to Saint Tyrion and kneel in front of him on their wedding because she is shallow and only looks of a person are important to her, or if they actually show her kneeling, that would ruin her whole character. They are already doing the best to accomplish this, though.
1544	Rapsie	2012-05-20	[/b] /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> (yes, I understand your sarcasm)If they show her as a stupid brat not wanting to give herself to Saint Tyrion and kneel in front of him on their wedding because she is shallow and only looks of a person are important to her, or if they actually show her kneeling, that would ruin her whole character. They are already doing the best to accomplish this, though.Also they way in which they have taken all the greyness out of Tyrion's character, means that it will probably be a case of evil Sansa, what a bitch when it comes to not kneeling at the wedding. Instead of it being about her not wanting to marry a Lannister, it may in fact become because he isn't a handsome Knight and of course he will probably be forced just as much as she is.Even the few lines of defiance they have given her make her sound bratty as opposed to strong. In the original scene when Myrcella goes away and she tries to comfort Tommen, she compares him to a two great knights who cried (which is kind and inspiring), her line to Joff in the TV show, was defient but also childish. They have taken all her knowledge about House sigils and stories and given those things to Arya's character. They are really butchering the awareness she has of the situation she is in. Also all her conversations with Shae, take away from her character the fact that she didn't trust anyone and the only person she let her guard down with, was Sandor and Dontos. Instead of scaring her, Cersei is being semi-nice, but then show Cersei is another nit-pick entirely.From what I've read from discussion forums from people who haven't read the books, is that they are not really aware that Sansa and the Hound have any sort of connection at all. I doubt there will be any Sansa in tonight's episode, so the BBW scene is just going to seem really out of place.
1545	Buckwheat	2012-05-20	Also they way in which they have taken all the greyness out of Tyrion's character, means that it will probably be a case of evil Sansa, what a bitch when it comes to not kneeling at the wedding. Instead of it being about her not wanting to marry a Lannister, it may in fact become because he isn't a handsome Knight and of course he will probably be forced just as much as she is.Even the few lines of defiance they have given her make her sound bratty as opposed to strong. In the original scene when Myrcella goes away and she tries to comfort Tommen, she compares him to a two great knights who cried (which is kind and inspiring), her line to Joff in the TV show, was defient but also childish. They have taken all her knowledge about House sigils and stories and given those things to Arya's character. They are really butchering the awareness she has of the situation she is in. Also all her conversations with Shae, take away from her character the fact that she didn't trust anyone and the only person she let her guard down with, was Sandor and Dontos. Instead of scaring her, Cersei is being semi-nice, but then show Cersei is another nit-pick entirely.From what I've read from discussion forums from people who haven't read the books, is that they are not really aware that Sansa and the Hound have any sort of connection at all. I doubt there will be any Sansa in tonight's episode, so the BBW scene is just going to seem really out of place.I agree that they are making Tyrion look very smart and gentlemanly and all, since he was the one who stopped ser Meryn beating Sansa in the throne room, and in the end of the scene, the camera focused very much on him instead of Sansa. It fell out like the scene was there only to show what a good man Tyrion is against the evil Joffrey, with Sansa being just "some person in between on which the argument between two guys is based".I dearly hope you are wrong about not showing the Hound in the next episode, but fear you are right. I feel bad for the non-readers if all they can think of Sansa is that she is some abuse victim without a personality, entirely dependant on Tyrion's paramour who is likely spying on her.Hey, random thought: what if Shae was actually the one who betrayed the flowering to the queen and the scene with her threatening the other maid was a red herring?I observe that most of the characters whose personalities have been changed significantly in the series are female:Sansa, obviouslyCat, much weaker and undecided and playing the concerned mother who should be at home with the younger children and who dearly loves to meet the girl her firstborn has a crush on (does anyone else think that the "I wish you were free to follow your heart" line is very much out of place? Cat simply does not think that way)Cersei, melanholic desperate mother unable to rein her son inJeyne / Talisa or whatever her name is now - from the shy blushing highborn maid to someone who dares to question the king without being reprimanded, likely from the latest romantic comedyShae, now helping (?) Sansa and explaining the world ("Your horses eat better than their children") to her because obviously Sansa is too silly to understand it on her ownThe ones left of the main female characters are Arya, who is half a boy anyway, Dany and Brienne, and possibly Melisandre. The only male characters who have been changed are Jaime, killing his cousin, and Renly, who is dead now.
1546	protar	2012-05-20	Also they way in which they have taken all the greyness out of Tyrion's character, means that it will probably be a case of evil Sansa, what a bitch when it comes to not kneeling at the wedding. Instead of it being about her not wanting to marry a Lannister, it may in fact become because he isn't a handsome Knight and of course he will probably be forced just as much as she is. Even the few lines of defiance they have given her make her sound bratty as opposed to strong. In the original scene when Myrcella goes away and she tries to comfort Tommen, she compares him to a two great knights who cried (which is kind and inspiring), her line to Joff in the TV show, was defient but also childish. They have taken all her knowledge about House sigils and stories and given those things to Arya's character. They are really butchering the awareness she has of the situation she is in. Also all her conversations with Shae, take away from her character the fact that she didn't trust anyone and the only person she let her guard down with, was Sandor and Dontos. Instead of scaring her, Cersei is being semi-nice, but then show Cersei is another nit-pick entirely. From what I've read from discussion forums from people who haven't read the books, is that they are not really aware that Sansa and the Hound have any sort of connection at all. I doubt there will be any Sansa in tonight's episode, so the BBW scene is just going to seem really out of place.BBW scene? Battle of the Blackwater I assume, but I'll admit I did a double take /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1547	Rapsie	2012-05-20	BBW scene? Battle of the Blackwater I assume, but I'll admit I did a double take /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Generally the Battle of Blackwater is shortened to BBW, but I originally got it confused with the Brotherhood Without Banners (BWB for short) too. It would be a bit of a jump if they suddenly had the Hound meeting Arya in the episode after next! Though given some of the series choices I wouldn't be surprised!
1548	protar	2012-05-20	Generally the Battle of Blackwater is shortened to BBW, but I originally got it confused with the Brotherhood Without Banners (BWB for short) too. It would be a bit of a jump if they suddenly had the Hound meeting Arya in the episode after next! Though given some of the series choices I wouldn't be surprised!Actually I had it confused for a different acronym not related to the series. Now I feel dirty minded for being the only one to notice it.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 20 May 2012 - 07:53 AM.
1549	seikai	2012-05-20	Also they way in which they have taken all the greyness out of Tyrion's character, means that it will probably be a case of evil Sansa, what a bitch when it comes to not kneeling at the wedding. Instead of it being about her not wanting to marry a Lannister, it may in fact become because he isn't a handsome Knight and of course he will probably be forced just as much as she is.They are really butchering the awareness she has of the situation she is in. Also all her conversations with Shae, take away from her character the fact that she didn't trust anyone and the only person she let her guard down with, was Sandor and Dontos. Instead of scaring her, Cersei is being semi-nice, but then show Cersei is another nit-pick entirely.When you put these two points together, I realized that that's just going to make the wedding scene (and the subsequent scenes after the marriage where Sansa is cold to Tyrion) so much worse. The fact that Sansa is trusting and confiding in Shae, along with her rather friendly and almost motherly (?!) relationship with Cersei, is going to make it SO much worse when she refuses to trust Tyrion. Because according to TV viewers, all they're going to see is Sansa being nice to Shae and Cersei, while Tyrion is the only Lannister that saved her several times but gets nothing but coldness from her.From what I've read from discussion forums from people who haven't read the books, is that they are not really aware that Sansa and the Hound have any sort of connection at all. I doubt there will be any Sansa in tonight's episode, so the BBW scene is just going to seem really out of place.I can't really blame them. As I was watching this on TV, I was thinking to myself that if this was the first time I was seeing the story, I would be totally confused by all the fan videos of SanSan on youtube. They must have cut out more than 2/3 of the scenes Sansa had with the Hound - most of them pertinent to their relationship. (I'm not sure why they chose to keep the scene where the Hound tells her that he loves killing so much and Sansa runs away from him, but didn't keep others that would help make that Battle of Blackwater scene seem less random. Good god, that scene is probably going to be very awkward and out of nowhere.)
1550	SerMixalot	2012-05-20	Actually I had it confused for a different acronym not related to the series. Now I feel dirty minded for being the only one to notice it.u werent the only one /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />
1551	SerMixalot	2012-05-20	I agree that they are making Tyrion look very smart and gentlemanly and all, since he was the one who stopped ser Meryn beating Sansa in the throne room, and in the end of the scene, the camera focused very much on him instead of Sansa. It fell out like the scene was there only to show what a good man Tyrion is against the evil Joffrey, with Sansa being just "some person in between on which the argument between two guys is based". I dearly hope you are wrong about not showing the Hound in the next episode, but fear you are right. I feel bad for the non-readers if all they can think of Sansa is that she is some abuse victim without a personality, entirely dependant on Tyrion's paramour who is likely spying on her. Hey, random thought: what if Shae was actually the one who betrayed the flowering to the queen and the scene with her threatening the other maid was a red herring? I observe that most of the characters whose personalities have been changed significantly in the series are female:Sansa, obviously Cat, much weaker and undecided and playing the concerned mother who should be at home with the younger children and who dearly loves to meet the girl her firstborn has a crush on (does anyone else think that the "I wish you were free to follow your heart" line is very much out of place? Cat simply does not think that way) Cersei, melanholic desperate mother unable to rein her son in Jeyne / Talisa or whatever her name is now - from the shy blushing highborn maid to someone who dares to question the king without being reprimanded, likely from the latest romantic comedy Shae, now helping (?) Sansa and explaining the world ("Your horses eat better than their children") to her because obviously Sansa is too silly to understand it on her own The ones left of the main female characters are Arya, who is half a boy anyway, Dany and Brienne, and possibly Melisandre. The only male characters who have been changed are Jaime, killing his cousin, and Renly, who is dead now.i dont think HBO will be that subtle
1552	seikai	2012-05-20	Hey, random thought: what if Shae was actually the one who betrayed the flowering to the queen and the scene with her threatening the other maid was a red herring?I wouldn't be surprised - in fact, I would very much hope that's the case, since I just can't imagine the Hound being the first person to rush over and report this to Cersei. It would also help establish a spy relationship between Shae and Cersei. The only thing is, I don't know if the show will address this issue again -it might never come up.I observe that most of the characters whose personalities have been changed significantly in the series are female:Sansa, obviously Cat, much weaker and undecided and playing the concerned mother who should be at home with the younger children and who dearly loves to meet the girl her firstborn has a crush on (does anyone else think that the "I wish you were free to follow your heart" line is very much out of place? Cat simply does not think that way) Cersei, melanholic desperate mother unable to rein her son in Jeyne / Talisa or whatever her name is now - from the shy blushing highborn maid to someone who dares to question the king without being reprimanded, likely from the latest romantic comedy Shae, now helping (?) Sansa and explaining the world ("Your horses eat better than their children") to her because obviously Sansa is too silly to understand it on her own The ones left of the main female characters are Arya, who is half a boy anyway, Dany and Brienne, and possibly Melisandre. The only male characters who have been changed are Jaime, killing his cousin, and Renly, who is dead now.Totally agree with the list. Pretty sad that they're making the women significantly weaker / stupider.Sansa - Yup, way too trusting, and not nearly as educated in comparison to the books. She no longer manages to make jabs at Joffrey while Joffrey is too stupid to notice, and has the tendency to sound whiny instead. Whatever happened to "a lady's armor is courtesy" - isn't that the whole reason why the Hound calls her "Little Bird"? She trusts no one and sings pretty words to make them feel good and leave her alone. (As an aside - I can't remember the scene in the show where they explained why Sandor calls her Little Bird. Did they ever show this? Or did he just randomly start calling her "Little Bird"?)Cat - Oh my gosh, yes. I never really loved Cat as a character, but they're making her really weak. Why in the world would they take away the fact that she slit the throat of one of the soldiers, and instead have her a damsel in distress waiting for Tyrion to save her? And I totally agree that the whole "follow your heart" comment is so out of character. I thought Cat was a very picky and class-conscious person? I can't imagine her wishing that Robb could marry whoever he pleases.Jeyne/Talisa - One character that they made more "headstrong" (read: annoying and whining around at her FREAKING KING). It does totally sound like something directly out of a terrible romantic comedy. "When Jeyne Meets Robb" or something.Shae - I can't stand how they're making her so mysterious and calculated and giving all these badass scenes to her. She's going around educating Sansa about how much the rest of the world is suffering (y'know... just in case Sansa wasn't aware that Joffrey wasn't doing a great job as King), and knows exactly what to do when a maid comes in and sees Sansa's period (act all badass and threaten her with a knife). I dunno - the Shae from the books didn't seem this wise. I explicitly remember her badgering Tyrion to let her attend the party and see dancing bears despite the great danger of doing so. She seemed more like a kid than Sansa.
					
					
							Edited by seikai, 20 May 2012 - 10:19 AM.
1553	Rapsie	2012-05-20	When you put these two points together, I realized that that's just going to make the wedding scene (and the subsequent scenes after the marriage where Sansa is cold to Tyrion) so much worse. The fact that Sansa is trusting and confiding in Shae, along with her rather friendly and almost motherly (?!) relationship with Cersei, is going to make it SO much worse when she refuses to trust Tyrion. Because according to TV viewers, all they're going to see is Sansa being nice to Shae and Cersei, while Tyrion is the only Lannister that saved her several times but gets nothing but coldness from her.That is an excellent point. Sansa was beaten daily, and even after Tyrion stopped the severist beating, Joff and Cersei were foul to her at every available oppertunity. They have also cut out the bit where Tyrion vowed she would be sent home and told Cleos Frey in front of the entire court that Sansa's treatment depended on her brother (in other words letting Sansa think the day to day beating would continue).They have also cut all the lines where Sandor tells Sansa about his family and covers for her when Ser Meryn starts questioning her after meeting Dontos in the Godswood. But they have added in non-cannon conversations about Jaime being dyslexic. Beggers belief to be honest. Oh and don't even start me on them ditching the Ser Dontos escape story line.Actually I had it confused for a different acronym not related to the series. Now I feel dirty minded for being the only one to notice it. u werent the only one /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' /> /blushing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blushing:' />  Okay I looked up your acronym. I understand the shock!
					
					
							Edited by Rapsie, 20 May 2012 - 10:22 AM.
1554	SerMixalot	2012-05-20	I thought it had something to do with Lollys
1555	Valkyrja	2012-05-20	I was looking forward to San/San in the Blackwater episode, but now I am just dreading it as it will seem so out of place. I just can't believe how much of that storyline was cut.
I would rather see (a forever unconsummated) San/San relationship on screen during these precious few episodes of Clash that they actually interact (and what lovely interactions they have!) than see the (admittedly canon, but off-screen) relationship between Jeyne and Robb. But not only will they be showing these two 'getting it on', but they have wasted so much time on their ridiculous interactions since episode 4 when stupid Talisa (still can't get over what a stupid name that is!) showed up on that battlefield.
I'm sorry, but even if you don't ship San/San, you have to admit that the book scenes between Sansa + the Hound absolutely PWN this silly HBO version of Robb + Talisa.  /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
1556	protar	2012-05-20	I was looking forward to San/San in the Blackwater episode, but now I am just dreading it as it will seem so out of place. I just can't believe how much of that storyline was cut. I would rather see (a forever unconsummated) San/San relationship on screen during these precious few episodes of Clash that they actually interact (and what lovely interactions they have!) than see the (admittedly canon, but off-screen) relationship between Jeyne and Robb. But not only will they be showing these two 'getting it on', but they have wasted so much time on their ridiculous interactions since episode 4 when stupid Talisa (still can't get over what a stupid name that is!) showed up on that battlefield. I'm sorry, but even if you don't ship San/San, you have to admit that the book scenes between Sansa + the Hound absolutely PWN this silly HBO version of Robb + Talisa. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />IKR? I think they just decided to change Jeyne's character to be a more independent female character, instead of being all shy and blushing. It's just come across as completely unbelievable. Even the Unsullied aren't buying it.
1557	teemo	2012-05-20	GRRM has plenty of strong, independent women characters.  The show has decided to make pretty much all of them that way, except for Sansa, who really was pretty strong in the books and is looking like a whiny idiot in the shows.  Why does practically EVERY woman in the show have to be so strong-willed?  Jeyne and Shae do NOT act that way.  I guess the writers think it's more cool if every girl is a badass, but it's really unrealistic in the asoiaf world.  We have whores threatening to gouge the eyes out of Tywin Lannister's son and some spy Westerling girl from a rather poor noble family backtalking the king.  Really?  We have plenty of strong women already: Arya, Cersei, Dany, Margaery and her grandma (if they bring her in), and even Cat and Sansa on many levels, among others. Can we just leave it at that?  Women can be multi-dimensional/badass without being back-talkers running around with a knife. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 20 May 2012 - 01:18 PM.
1558	seikai	2012-05-20	GRRM has plenty of strong, independent women characters. The show has decided to make pretty much all of them that way, except for Sansa, who really was pretty strong in the books and is looking like a whiny idiot in the shows. Why does practically EVERY woman in the show have to be so strong-willed? Jeyne and Shae do NOT act that way. I guess the writers think it's more cool if every girl is a badass, but it's really unrealistic in the asoiaf world. We have whores threatening to gouge the eyes out of Tywin Lannister's brother and some spy Westerling girl from a rather poor noble family backtalking the king. Really? We have plenty of strong women already: Arya, Cersei, Dany, Margaery and her grandma (if they bring her in), and even Cat and Sansa on many levels, among others. Can we just leave it at that? Women can be multi-dimensional/badass without being back-talkers running around with a knife. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />You pretty much summarized a huge pet peeve of mine. It's like the people who wrote Sansa's dialogue for the show completely missed the point. I can just see that the main point they got out of Sansa's part is "She's weak. She's annoying. She doesn't go around stabbing people and training to be an assassin like Arya - that means she's helpless and stupid." There are so many ways that women can be strong and badass characters - Sansa, in her own way, was strong and badass. She managed to STAY ALIVE in the middle of a place where even the slightest wrongdoing could potentially end with her head on a pike (Joffrey has already shown a lack of restraint - even Cersei and the negotiations for Jaime couldn't stop him if Sansa didn't tread carefully). It's the same with Jeyne. They feel the need to change her so she's this romantic comedy harpy (their idea of a "strong woman"), but in the books, she's a kind and supportive wife - which should be TOTALLY FINE. As for Shae... she was never supposed to be a strong woman. I don't know why they're doing this - I thought the whole point was that she was simple minded, and that lead to her betraying Tyrion for promises from Cersei.
					
					
							Edited by seikai, 20 May 2012 - 12:39 PM.
1559	Le Cygne	2012-05-20	Just wanted to chime in, too. I also think the female characters are taking a hit in the show. 
Added emphasis on prostitutes, female nudity (male nudity is apparently banned in Westeros), and rape, but the essence of main female characters has been lost. Sansa, Catelyn, Cersei, Jeyne, Shae, and also Arya.
What happened to Arya finding inner strength through adversity?  Where is her interaction with Jaqen (why not focus on that instead of Tywin, and they had to know the bathhouse scene was a favorite of many).  
When she was breaking out of Harrenhal, here's what Arya was thinking:
"She walked fast, to keep ahead of her fear, and felt as though Syrio Forel walked beside her, and Yoren, and Jaqen H'ghar, and Jon Snow."
Why does she feel this way?  What happened to her love of sword fighting?  Why isn't she practicing?  When did we last hear her list?  Does she remember Jon Snow fondly?  Does she remember the lessons learned from Syrio?
					
					
							Edited by Le Cygne, 20 May 2012 - 01:01 PM.
1560	seikai	2012-05-20	I was looking forward to San/San in the Blackwater episode, but now I am just dreading it as it will seem so out of place. I just can't believe how much of that storyline was cut. I would rather see (a forever unconsummated) San/San relationship on screen during these precious few episodes of Clash that they actually interact (and what lovely interactions they have!) than see the (admittedly canon, but off-screen) relationship between Jeyne and Robb. But not only will they be showing these two 'getting it on', but they have wasted so much time on their ridiculous interactions since episode 4 when stupid Talisa (still can't get over what a stupid name that is!) showed up on that battlefield. I'm sorry, but even if you don't ship San/San, you have to admit that the book scenes between Sansa + the Hound absolutely PWN this silly HBO version of Robb + Talisa. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />AGREED. It doesn't even make sense why they would give so much focus on Robb + Talisa compared to San/San, considering... Robb dies. But Sandor's influence on Sansa continues throughout the entire series. Sansa repeatedly remembers the Hound's words to her, and it influences her decisions later on. Robb + Talisa does not have as much impact on future episodes - really, all that mattered was that Robb married some other girl and got the Freys pissed. The amount of screentime given to this couple is just mind boggling. Do TV viewers really love them as a couple or something? I just can't find a reason for the disproportionate amount of screentime given to Talisa.
1561	seikai	2012-05-20	Just wanted to chime in, too. I also think the female characters are taking a hit in the show. Added emphasis on prostitutes, female nudity (male nudity is apparently banned in Westeros), and rape, but the essence of main female characters has been lost. Sansa, Catelyn, Cersei, Jeyne, Shae, and also Arya. What happened to Arya finding inner strength through adversity? Where is her interaction with Jaqen (why not focus on that instead of Tywin, and they had to know the bathhouse scene was a favorite of many). When she was breaking out of Harrenhal, here's what Arya said: "She walked fast, to keep ahead of her fear, and felt as though Syrio Forel walked beside her, and Yoren, and Jaqen H'ghar, and Jon Snow." Why does she feel this way? What happened to her love of sword fighting? Why isn't she practicing? When did we last hear her list? Does she remember Jon Snow fondly? Does she remember the lessons learned from Syrio?You know... you're right about the prostitutes part. First, they introduce Ros, who is given tons of gratuitous fanservice moments (including a facepalm moment with Little Finger coaching them on being proper pr0n actresses while confessing his deepest and darkest secrets) and sleeps with every important character that exists. And now there's Shae, another prostitute that is given lots of scenes, and is acting all mysterious and badass. It's like they're playing up all the prostitutes, but sidelining other female characters.I forgot about Arya, but it's true - they're cutting her interaction with Jaqen and including so many scenes with her and Tywin (WTH Tywin is this happy grandpa that loves his cupbearer). She's not really progressing much, either.
1562	Bloody-Nine	2012-05-20	Robb and Talisa gave Tywin Lannister the ammunition to destroy the Kingdom of the North, which effected all 7 Kingdoms. Sandor's words to Sansa are only in her head, and laced with doubt. We would never even get to see how they feel about one another (if any feelings are actually present) other than some lame Twilight "Ooh I can't Tell If I Love You" looks. What do you expect Sansa to do in the Vale, look out of windows across the sky, to where her Knight In Shining Armor With Half a Face is waiting, drunk and ready to slash whatever is in his way?
What scenes are there between Sansa and the Hound that would PWN the silly HBO versions of Robb and Talisa? Sandor holding Sansa at knife point, drunk as all hell, forcing her to sing him a song? Their relationship would probably honestly confuse the hell out of 85% of the viewers.
I dunno, I don't really like Talisa but I like San/San a lot less. Can't we all just let the Hound be dead, or live his life on the quiet isle?
1563	teemo	2012-05-20	It's disappointing because I was kind of looking forward to the Jeyne/Robb story.  GRRM never really showed us that up close, and I was excited to see a really cool semi-love story between them that ultimately lead to Robb's tragic death.  It could have been heart-wrenching.  Instead we have this.....bratty, spy woman that I feel absolutely nothing for?  I have seen nothing from her that makes me convinced she is worth an entire kingdom.  
And in the books at least Robb had an excuse for spending so much time with her....being injured on the Crag, and in the show he seems to forget he's at war and following her around like a puppy dog, to the point of even Karstark noticing that he's spending all of his time with a "foreign whore," or whatever he called her.  It's so dumb.  WHY?!  Are the writers incapable of adding in a new girl that doesn't act like a brat?
As far as San/San, I have a tv viewer friend who is almost done with GoT (the book) now and is constantly saying things like, "OMG, I can't believe they left this out!"  He said he had no idea how interesting the Hound was and his relationship with Sansa.  He said it was one of the most interesting relationships in the story to him.  Apparently that scene is going to happen at Blackwater, because Sophie made a comment how she was nervous about having to sing this season or something.  But it's going to be odd and really come out of nowhere.  In my screen-time thread, Sandor doesn't have many minutes, and the ones he does he is usually just standing behind Joffrey.  I think there is like maybe 2 minutes of San/San interaction so far.  Hopefully tonight they can build that up a little more so it doesn't look ridiculous next week.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 20 May 2012 - 01:32 PM.
1564	Buckwheat	2012-05-20	It's disappointing because I was kind of looking forward to the Jeyne/Robb story. GRRM never really showed us that up close, and I was excited to see a really cool semi-love story between them that ultimately lead to Robb's tragic death. It could have been heart-wrenching. Instead we have this.....bratty, spy woman that I feel absolutely nothing for? I have seen nothing from her that makes me convinced she is worth an entire kingdom. And in the books at least Robb had an excuse for spending so much time with her....being injured on the Crag, and in the show he seems to forget he's at war and following her around like a puppy dog, to the point of even Karstark noticing that he's spending all of his time with a "foreign whore," or whatever he called her. It's so dumb. WHY?! Are the writers incapable of adding in a new girl that doesn't act like a brat?I agree, I waited to see Robb wounded and for this shy, blushing girl to appear, quiet and supportive for him, as described in the books. It could look very nice on screen, tender and sweet. Instead, there are some silly moments with them accusing each other of spying and Robb not getting wounded at all (I do not believe they will make him wounded now, he is "the badass hero", we cannot have him in sickbed), which will make their relationship so ... typically romantic. I do not have anything against such a story, but it is way out of place in ASOIAF.
1565	Rapsie	2012-05-20	Their relationship was sweet (if suicidally stupid on Robb's part) in the books. In the TV show it is the old story of dramatic tension and bitching between two people who invariably end up together / seduction of rebel leader for the cause type story.
1566	RSasoiaf	2012-05-20	RobbÂ´s story has been a big nitpick of mine since the start of second season.
I have said back then something like: it seems to me they dont like the book story but are unable or dont care to write something which could be good enough and fit with everything else. 
My critic still stands. Robb looks so far even more dumb then he did look in the books...and this was not easy! It is also a bit more unbelievable because now Robb is older then he was in the books. But it seems like there were no girls back on Winterfell and he was sold to the first girl who dares to question him. And no, this Talisa/Jeyne/spy doesnt make any sense in this world and age....but who cares?
Also, the Riverlands black hole will become kind of obvious once Riverrun comes back from the mists of Avalon into the story. People dont even remember anymore that the Tullys exist and who they are. Due to the Riverlands black whole, itÂ´s now also a total question mark what the hell is Tywin doing at Harrenhall instead of going against Robb from behind....why cant he do that if thereÂ´s nothing in the way?  What is he doing in Harrenhall??? I know it will be convenient to have him close by so that he can support KL but....this should not be his main concern and so far he seems only concerned with Robb and kind of trying to deal with Robb.....so why in hell is he doing so from so far away????? 
Things simply dont fit together. ItÂ´s ok because this is TV and most of  the people are not clever enough to remember and think these things off, but this story is being filled with plot holes left and right.
1567	seikai	2012-05-20	What do you expect Sansa to do in the Vale, look out of windows across the sky, to where her Knight In Shining Armor With Half a Face is waiting, drunk and ready to slash whatever is in his way? What scenes are there between Sansa and the Hound that would PWN the silly HBO versions of Robb and Talisa? Sandor holding Sansa at knife point, drunk as all hell, forcing her to sing him a song? Their relationship would probably honestly confuse the hell out of 85% of the viewers. I dunno, I don't really like Talisa but I like San/San a lot less. Can't we all just let the Hound be dead, or live his life on the quiet isle?Well, I don't think you have to ship San/San romantically in order to appreciate their interactions. Hell, I totally understand other people disliking it (let's face it - Sandor is freaking messed up, and Sansa is an 11 year old). But it's a very unconventional relationship, and that's what makes it completely fascinating. The viewers aren't supposed to see the San/San scenes and go "Awww, ain't that so sweet - the Hound is like Edward and Sansa is like Bella!" By not including their dialogue and scenes together, it just feels like a huge part of the characterization of Sandor and Sansa is lost. With Robb and Talisa on the other hand, their interactions are just so cliche, I don't feel it adds much. Talisa gives Robb a tongue-lashing, and Robb is just like, "Oooh baby, yeah, I like them wenches feisty." It's just so... ridiculous.
1568	Valkyrja	2012-05-20	Robb and Talisa gave Tywin Lannister the ammunition to destroy the Kingdom of the North, which effected all 7 Kingdoms. Sandor's words to Sansa are only in her head, and laced with doubt. We would never even get to see how they feel about one another (if any feelings are actually present) other than some lame Twilight "Ooh I can't Tell If I Love You" looks. What do you expect Sansa to do in the Vale, look out of windows across the sky, to where her Knight In Shining Armor With Half a Face is waiting, drunk and ready to slash whatever is in his way? What scenes are there between Sansa and the Hound that would PWN the silly HBO versions of Robb and Talisa? Sandor holding Sansa at knife point, drunk as all hell, forcing her to sing him a song? Their relationship would probably honestly confuse the hell out of 85% of the viewers. I dunno, I don't really like Talisa but I like San/San a lot less. Can't we all just let the Hound be dead, or live his life on the quiet isle?Hmmm....I *knew* someone would misunderstand me. I do apologize, because I wrote my initial post in haste. I was not saying that the TV series should have portrayed Sandor and Sansa's interactions as romantic.....because, honestly, even I will admit those scenes are somewhat ambiguous in that regard in the books. As you say, much of what happens between, we see via what is happening inside Sansa's head. Of course, much of what makes Sansa a strong character to me are her *thoughts*. Her chapters are not action heavy like some, but her inner thoughts and observations of her own situation are fascinating, and quite moving. Obviously, you can't show characters' inner thoughts on HBO, without it turning into the Ros sexposition thing with LF. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> Nevertheless, I  *do* think that at the very least, some of Sandor and Sansa's DIALOGUE in their scenes together should have been kept -- not because I think this dialogue is important to their 'relationship' (I'm not even advocating that it be portrayed as such on the Tv series), but rather because what they say to one another and *how* they say it reveals a lot about their respective characters. I think a great deal of character development is lost without this dialogue, not just for Sansa's character but for the Hound as well! Without Sansa's perspective in ACoK, we would not have nearly as much insight into Sandor Clegane as a character, nor the reasons for his 'Hound' persona. Of course, everyone has their preferences, but I'd rather learn more about the Hound as he is described in the book, and about how Sansa learns from him how to cope with life in King's Landing, than see the same exact Hollywood-ized scene between Robb and 'Talisa' over and over again. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
1569	PatrickStormborn	2012-05-20	I don't really have a problem with the Sansa/Shae relationship. It's no different from Sansa trusting Margaery and the Queen of Thorns, as far as I can see. The reason she didn't want to marry Tyrion was because his family were actively working to destroy hers. As far as she knows, Shae is not working against her. 
The only real problem I have with Sansa's story in the show is the seemingly lack of care she feels towards the disappearance of her sister. Has she mentioned it even once? Apart from this the only problem is the lack of Dontos, but it makes sense from a TV perspective because otherwise she would be plotting her escape for three seasons (2, 3 and 4).
					
					
							Edited by PatrickStormborn, 20 May 2012 - 02:30 PM.
1570	insertname	2012-05-20	As far as she knows, Shae is not working against her.Except the way she turned up? She came to Sansa's chambers, saying "I'm your new handmaiden" when Sansa has not requested a new handmaiden, and she is clearly not fit to actually be one. How much more suspicious could Shae even get?One thing I'm also disappointed in is that Catelyn learns of the Relationship between Robb and Talisa before they marry. Book Catelyn would never let the marriage happen now, she would make sure that they don't meet each other again. And honestly, as much as I despised Catelyn in the books, the bland version of her in the show where she is basically unable to do anything grinds my gears even more.
1571	moonsblood	2012-05-20	They seem to be setting up Robb and "Talisa" as some kind of Romeo and Juliet thing, tragic lovers, my only love spawned from my only hate bullshit
1572	FantA´me	2012-05-20	To be fair, Sansa doesn't care all that much about Arya in the books either. She seems to think she's safe in the north or something and at some point after Ned's execution she even blames her again for Lady's death .
I have to say that even I who really doesn't give a damn about Sansa Sandor in the books was annoyed that they made Littlefinger explain the origin of his scars to Sansa in the first season.
					
					
							Edited by FantA´me, 20 May 2012 - 03:21 PM.
1573	Valkyrja	2012-05-20	I have to say that even I who really doesn't give a damn about Sansa Sandor in the books was annoyed that they made Littlefinger explain the origin of his scars to Sansa in the first season.Exactly. Even if you completely disregard (or don't care for) a supposed 'relationship' between the two, not having Sandor tell Sansa himself takes away an interesting development for both of their characters.
1574	Raksha the Demon	2012-05-20	To be fair, Sansa doesn't care all that much about Arya in the books either. She seems to think she's safe in the north or something and at some point after Ned's execution she even blames her again for Lady's death . I have to say that even I who really doesn't give a damn about Sansa Sandor in the books was annoyed that they made Littlefinger explain the origin of his scars to Sansa in the first season.I don't have the books handy at the moment, but I seem to remember, in ASOS, Sansa telling the Queen of Thorns that Cersei killed Lady; it was clear that by that point, Sansa no longer blamed Arya.  I hate it that it's Littlefinger who tells Sansa the origin of Sandor's scars.  That was a very dramatic moment in the book, and its power is diluted because it's a third party who tells the tale to Sansa.
1575	FantA´me	2012-05-20	I don't have the books handy at the moment, but I seem to remember, in ASOS, Sansa telling the Queen of Thorns that Cersei killed Lady; it was clear that by that point, Sansa no longer blamed Arya.  I hate it that it's Littlefinger who tells Sansa the origin of Sandor's scars. That was a very dramatic moment in the book, and its power is diluted because it's a third party who tells the tale to Sansa. I thought we were talking about the current season which is adapting Clash, not Storm. We have yet to see what they will do for season 3.
1576	moonsblood	2012-05-20	I don't have the books handy at the moment, but I seem to remember, in ASOS, Sansa telling the Queen of Thorns that Cersei killed Lady; it was clear that by that point, Sansa no longer blamed Arya.  I hate it that it's Littlefinger who tells Sansa the origin of Sandor's scars.  That was a very dramatic moment in the book, and its power is diluted because it's a third party who tells the tale to Sansa.  I hate that Littlefinger is getting so much screen time in general, hes supposed to be more mysterious, also what is going on with his new Sean Connery accent?
1577	Fat Mac	2012-05-20	On a separate note from all this Sansa discussion...
Does anyone else really hate Xaro in the show? For some reason I cant stand the guys voice, the way he talks andd all that. Its not just the story because I do like the Spice King, Pyat Pree, Quaithe and some other Qartheen figures, but I really hate Xaro and he bugs me a lot, more so than in the books.
1578	moonsblood	2012-05-20	^ Plus hes supposed to be gay!
1579	seikai	2012-05-20	On a separate note from all this Sansa discussion... Does anyone else really hate Xaro in the show? For some reason I cant stand the guys voice, the way he talks andd all that. Its not just the story because I do like the Spice King, Pyat Pree, Quaithe and some other Qartheen figures, but I really hate Xaro and he bugs me a lot, more so than in the books.Did you know that Xaro is the richest man in Qarth?No, you're not the only one. And wow - I'm glad to hear that I'm not the only one that likes the Spice King. I hear him getting a lot of flak for looking smug and fat and denying Dany's demands, but I thought he was awesome. I like that he doesn't just automatically bow down and buy the "It's my birth right! I will take what's mine!" from Dany and wants actual concrete evidence before he invests. It felt especially good when he pointed out to her that it doesn't make sense for him to lend his ships to her the way she stands now (she doesn't even have enough soldiers to justify those ships anyways).
1580	Kittykatknits	2012-05-20	On a separate note from all this Sansa discussion...Does anyone else really hate Xaro in the show? For some reason I cant stand the guys voice, the way he talks andd all that. Its not just the story because I do like the Spice King, Pyat Pree, Quaithe and some other Qartheen figures, but I really hate Xaro and he bugs me a lot, more so than in the books.Did you know that Xaro is the richest man in Qarth?No, you're not the only one. And wow - I'm glad to hear that I'm not the only one that likes the Spice King. I hear him getting a lot of flak for looking smug and fat and denying Dany's demands, but I thought he was awesome. I like that he doesn't just automatically bow down and buy the "It's my birth right! I will take what's mine!" from Dany and wants actual concrete evidence before he invests. It felt especially good when he pointed out to her that it doesn't make sense for him to lend his ships to her the way she stands now (she doesn't even have enough soldiers to justify those ships anyways).I agree. The Spice King is the only element of Dany's story this season that I've enjoyed. She's gone full brat with her "fire and blood" shtick. I liked the guy.
1581	Kittykatknits	2012-05-20	<snip><snip>snip><snip><snip><snip>.<snip><snip><snip>I'm a little late to the discussion about Sansa and the depiction of female characters this season but wanted to express my agreement. D&D did an interview before the start of season two stating that it would be the year for women. Quite frankly, I'm not seeing it. On the whole, I've been very disappointed on how the women have been portrayed and I find that each new episode results in ever larger feelings of frustration in me.I had planned on starting a thread after season two is completed to talk about how the women in GoT are portrayed in their entirety and perhaps use that to predict some of what we can expect next season. Based upon previous comments, all of which reflect my thoughts, it seems as if there could be some great discussion.
1582	Valkyrja	2012-05-20	Kittykatknits, I'd definitely join in such a discussion! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
I am sorely disappointed with this season as a whole, for sooo many of the reasons that have already been stated, but I am going to keep watching, and I will try to keep an open mind for the coming seasons. I do hope there is an improvement, but as of right now I have low expectations....
1583	Rapsie	2012-05-20	On a separate note from all this Sansa discussion...Does anyone else really hate Xaro in the show? For some reason I cant stand the guys voice, the way he talks andd all that. Its not just the story because I do like the Spice King, Pyat Pree, Quaithe and some other Qartheen figures, but I really hate Xaro and he bugs me a lot, more so than in the books.I don't mind the actor but why did they make him straight? I think Xaro suffers as his character has been altered and now they have had to create a new persona for him.  I liked the idea that he was solely out for Dany's Dragons and not interested in her in any other way.
1584	SerMixalot	2012-05-20	I have an odd feeling that XXD's vault is empty, that is all part of his con
1585	SerMixalot	2012-05-20	Oh and a pretty big nit here, they seem to be setting Davos up as the one who gets Stannis to keep her behind for the Battle of the Blackwater.  That was not him in hte book but his other lords.  He kept his mouth shut (which is apropos of his character-he keeps a low profile except when aasked questions by Stannis).  The point being is that this was another reason for Stannis to trust Davos (he wasnt one arguing against Mel and would thus not take the blame for losing without her).  By making it that Davos recommended keeping her behind, Davos could be held responsible for the loss
1586	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-05-21	Sorry I watched the episode late but had to get this off my chest.
So only one guy is guarding the two Lannister prisoners. That same guy also has the key to the cell on him. That same guy also opens and wanders into the cell without telling anyone (just one guy against 2 - one of whom is Jaime Lannister). The whole scene was so uterly unbelievable it was like a scene from the original Star Trek where captain kirk will convince a guard to blindly wander through a door whilst spock hid to the side every episode. That was so cliche and hollywood as is Robbs romance.
- Tywin better not realise who Arya is.
1587	starlight5	2012-06-29	Dear Landed Knight:  I work alongside law enforcement in a rural area.  When I saw this scene, I burst out laughing.  I told my spouse, "gee, they're in the _____ county jail!"  There is a bit of truth in every cliche . . .
1588	Galleymac	2013-01-18	I am a horrible zombie thread revivifying person, and I am extremely, extremely sorry, but I've only just gotten a chance to see everything:This isn't a strictly book-based nitpick (and I did consider spoilering the following TMI, but...everybody already watched the darn thing, yes?)......but... how much do the show-people think a healthy female body bleeds during a period??!!**  Seriously?  And in ONE NIGHT?? Poor Sansa's surrondings looked like she should be dead of deep multiple stab wounds.  If that was indicative of her actual menses she should have been bedridden and being fed beef-marrow stew, or just chewing on some raw iron, maybe. It's like Gregory MacGuire got hold of the staging.**Try about 1 to 5 tablespoons for the WHOLE WEEK.
					
					
							Edited by Galleymac, 18 January 2013 - 06:35 PM.
1589	turdle	2012-05-14	one episode until black water, where is the chain?
1590	Oberyn King	2012-05-14	Maybe Tyrion will make it in one episode?  Winning the Blackwater battle only with the wildfire would be lame.
1591	Ser Giant	2012-05-14	No whores either, or were they mentioned?
1592	turdle	2012-05-14	Maybe Tyrion will make it in one episode?  Winning the Blackwater battle only with the wildfire would be lame.especially since it's tyrions main contribution. not having the chain would reduce his role in the battle to little more than a dwarf who got his nose cut off. also, i bet they don't cut off his nose. hopefully at least a significant scar though.
1593	teemo	2012-05-15	And the Antler Men!  C'mon!
1594	Eddard Sand	2012-05-15	They must include the Chain. Tyrion won the battle of the blackwater twice. First with the chain and secondly with his courageous sortie once the hound snapped.
1595	Stannis Iron Baratheon	2012-05-15	well since it seems they scratched the three whores reigning fire, maybe the battle will change completely to fit the budgit.
1596	Eddard Sand	2012-05-15	well since it seems they scratched the three whores reigning fire, maybe the battle will change completely to fit the budgit.We haven't seen anything spectacular yet. No battles in Season 1, No battles so far in season 2. It's time to drop the buckooo bucks on the blackwater the greatest battle scene in the the series.
1597	Davos55	2012-05-15	Have they hoarded the majority of the budget for the season for Episode 9?
I read somewhere about the budget for the show being about 6 million dollars per episode, but I was never positive if they could save this and splurge on one episode..or if this is consistent throughout the season.
Either way, I really hope we get the chain and the truly epic battle everyone is hoping for!
1598	sennahoj	2012-05-15	On the show so far we haven't had a clear measure for the passing of time or for distances travelled, so the forging of the chain could be done very quickly on the show but still be ready in time. The problem is that Tyrion mentioned Stannis' fleet passing Tarth on its way north. I don' t remember how long it would take them to reach King's Landing, but now that a timeframe is mentioned it has to be taken into account for the chain-forging. I don't know the first thing about making chains, so I cannot wager how long it would take to forge hundreds of links, to put it in place etc.
So maybe there isn't enough time for the whole chain being made. However, it would be possible that Tyrion by way of reading about tactics and the defenses of King's Landing learns of an old defense mechanism, a chain, which has been in disuse for ages and is rusty and everything. But it would not be necessary to forge the whole chain but repair an old one.
1599	icefiregirl	2012-05-15	Tyrion's smart  and has already discussed with Cersei the fact that Tywin was a good tactician.  He also plans ahead, as we know.  Sure, he'll put 2 and 2 together, linking Tywin-type tactics with his own brain.  The chain will spring up - it only needs a reference to it that would take no more than a minute of air time, and the  job's done. Kingslanding has many craftsmen to do the job.  Just a bit of welding.....
1600	Currawong	2012-05-15	Tyrion's smart  and has already discussed with Cersei the fact that Tywin was a good tactician.  He also plans ahead, as we know.  Sure, he'll put 2 and 2 together, linking Tywin-type tactics with his own brain.  The chain will spring up - it only needs a reference to it that would take no more than a minute of air time, and the  job's done. Kingslanding has many craftsmen to do the job.  Just a bit of welding.....Agree.  IF they decide to use the chain in the battle, its preparation can be covered off very quickly in Ep 8  Tyrion walking the city checking on the wildfyre pots, checking that the chain has been finished and installed, and that the operators know their instructions in the battle plan.
1601	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	i suspect they will get rid of the chain, not show any of the battle, show Cersei and Co in the castle, perhaps show Joffrey on teh battlements, show tyrion taking troops out the gate.  I doubt we will see any significant battle.  I highly doubt they will show Tyrion with his nose cut off.  Too much make up to be worn going forward.
1602	sp1um	2012-05-15	I this episode Tyrion said Stannis' fleet would be at KL in 5 days or so... I don't think that would be enough time to forge such a huge chain, but it would be a pity if they didn't include it, it's basically the main reason they won that battle! Or maybe they're just going to make wildfire even wilder than in the books, burning down the fleet in like 10 seconds, but that would suck.
1603	Greywolf2375	2012-05-15	Tyrion's smart  and has already discussed with Cersei the fact that Tywin was a good tactician.  He also plans ahead, as we know.  Sure, he'll put 2 and 2 together, linking Tywin-type tactics with his own brain.  The chain will spring up - it only needs a reference to it that would take no more than a minute of air time, and the  job's done. Kingslanding has many craftsmen to do the job.  Just a bit of welding.....If they go in this direction, I'll have a massive reality problem with that.  There is magic in this world, but creating a chain that would stretch across the bay and hold back the ships is not something that gets thrown together in 3 days.  They can easily rectify the whole thing if they make just a few simple comments - people complaining about blacksmiths having not been available for what they want, Tyrion making a comment about he is taking care of some things beyond what the king is doing.  If they try to pull off that chain in three days though, complete BS.
1604	Vuron	2012-05-15	I hoping we see the chain, but with only 4 or 5 days until Stannis arrives, there isn't enough time to start.  We might see the battle looking like the fleet is going to take KL and then, suddenly, the chain comes up and saves the day.  We can get Tyrion explaining the chain after the fact.
1605	NeilSpoon	2012-05-15	I very much doubt they will include the chain. Because if they do, they will have to visualise ships being caught by the chain and burn etc. This seems a big ask considering the budget issues.
They will just focus on the wildfire. I predict a couple of birds eye CGI views of everything being ablaze to create a sense of scale.
Actual battle scenes will be kept to a minimum as well. And I think this will be a good thing, as it will be limited to a few actors with a couple of extras (and most likely no horses) to carry out the scene. This will look extremely lame and cheap. They simply dont have the cash to create epic battle scenes such as in Return of the King etc. So it's better to just suggest the scale and focus on what happens behind the scenes.
1606	Tourniquet	2012-05-15	Remember GRRM wrote the episode "Blackwater" he will be sure to include what he finds is crucial to the plot of his novels. If he doesn't think the chain is a big deal and can be replaced with some other device to prove that Tyrion saved the day he will do so.
The show makes plenty of changes but this is one episode that we know GRRM has control of. He has written for TV before, this is his series I am sure that he will make it work.
1607	Rhaegar The Chef	2012-05-15	I read somewhere that HBO gave the series 15m more than they got last season specifically for this battle. I think that if they were going to include the chain we would have seen Tyrion setting it up by now, which only disappoints me as a reader of the series not as a fan of the show. The battle is going to be EPIC either way.
1608	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	I doubt we will see much battle, though I would be pleasantly surprised.
HBO has not shown any significant battle that I recall and that has not been detrimental to the series. 
While definitely cool, the important elements, the destruction of Stannis, the return of Tywin and Renly (sic), Tyrions winning strategy and valor can be addressed through dialogue and short long range CGI shots.  The critical scenes will be cersei in her solar with the girls, Joffrey acting like Joffrey on the wall and being pulled out causing panic, the interaction between Bronn and Tyrion, perhaps some setting shots of Davos on a ship, scenes like that get the important stuff without getting into expensive shots.
I predict Tyrion will NOT lose his nose and a shame that will be.
1609	Ser Giant	2012-05-15	(In reply to Rhaegar The Chef)
That's exactly what was said^^
They were alotted 2.5x the budget for "Blackwater", it will be epic.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Giant, 15 May 2012 - 09:33 AM.
1610	wolverine	2012-05-15	One of my biggest problems with the series is that Tyrion is not ugly, not even a little bit.  I think they will also remove his hideous scarring.  I think it is an important part of Tyrion's character that he is a dwart, but it is also very important that he is a particularly hideous ungainly dwarf.
1611	boojam	2012-05-15	Have they hoarded the majority of the budget for the season for Episode 9?I read somewhere about the budget for the show being about 6 million dollars per episode, but I was never positive if they could save this and splurge on one episode..or if this is consistent throughout the season.Either way, I really hope we get the chain and the truly epic battle everyone is hoping for!There is nearly an extra 1 million for the show this year, I am guessing it probably worked out to 1mil.And they hired an 'action director' to shoot it, so I suspect they probably spent more than 7 mil. on Blackwater, I just guessing , that it will be quite unlike anything seen for a sword and spear battle on TV. (More like the work done on Band of Brother and Pacific on HBO).What puzzles me , last year CGI was done extensively on fixing architecture.Wondering where the CGI budget is going this year, Direwolves, sort of infrequent, Drangons (don't blink or you will miss them)... some vista scenes....some of the tricks in Qarth could  have been done 50 years ago!Man they must be loaded for bear in the VFX department for E9 and E10! Maybe E8 ... can't tell.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 15 May 2012 - 09:42 AM.
1612	shadow of death	2012-05-15	I realize the show is different from the books but the chain was a brilliant military idea that Tyrion has.  Probably the best idea in the whole series.  I will be pretty disapointed if it is left out.  I also predict that Tyrion will not lose his nose but may receive a nice scar on his cheek or something like that.
Praying for the chain and some battle scenes of the battle.  The hound crushing a few guys would be nice too.
1613	StarkBlack21	2012-05-15	I wouldn't be surprised if the Blackwater episode cost anywhere between 12-18 million ( which is a shitload for one episode). Remember they went back to HBO for extra money. HBO is NOT a cheap NETWORK, they truly value quality.
					
					
							Edited by StarkBlack21, 15 May 2012 - 10:10 AM.
1614	So1ar	2012-05-15	On the show so far we haven't had a clear measure for the passing of time or for distances travelled, so the forging of the chain could be done very quickly on the show but still be ready in time. The problem is that Tyrion mentioned Stannis' fleet passing Tarth on its way north. I don' t remember how long it would take them to reach King's Landing, but now that a timeframe is mentioned it has to be taken into account for the chain-forging. I don't know the first thing about making chains, so I cannot wager how long it would take to forge hundreds of links, to put it in place etc.So maybe there isn't enough time for the whole chain being made. However, it would be possible that Tyrion by way of reading about tactics and the defenses of King's Landing learns of an old defense mechanism, a chain, which has been in disuse for ages and is rusty and everything. But it would not be necessary to forge the whole chain but repair an old one.Tyrion said Stannis' fleet will arrive in KL in about 4 or 5 days. Not enough time to even organize a meeting to build the chain.
1615	Lexicdark	2012-05-15	I have been wondering all season what Tyrion's face was going to look like after the battle (not that I think we would see it this season anyway), and how they were going to do that from here on out.  It will be very sad if they don't scar his face.  There are so many great lines that Tyrion has about the disfigurment later in the books too!
1616	sennahoj	2012-05-15	It might be possible that they use the chain as a surprise for the non-readers. They will be just as surprised as Stannis and everyone else. And Tyrion can banter about his brilliant idea with Bronn.
You wouldn't have to show a meeting with the blacksmiths beforehand, you could just have Tyrion getting a message from the blacksmith that "the device" is in place. Cersei asks: "What was that all about?" Tyrion: "You'll see, sweet sister."
Or something to that effect. I know I am grabbing for straws here, but I really really want the chain, and with GRRM as writer of the battle, I am still hopeful that they'll find a way to include it.
1617	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	I doubt they will have the chain, it would have been quite easy to establish it earlier, basically saying Tyrion is going to get Joffrey a chain for his name day or some such thing.  They have avoided it.
I dont think the action in the Battle of Blackwater is essential to the plot (like the battle of Green River) and will be nice but unnecessary eye candy better spent to character development.
1618	Ser Giant	2012-05-15	(reply to sennahoj)
No, that makes complete sense. If the chain is in the show I bet that is exactly how it will go down. Well said, btw.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Giant, 15 May 2012 - 11:06 AM.
1619	Mulled Wino	2012-05-15	I this episode Tyrion said Stannis' fleet would be at KL in 5 days or so... I don't think that would be enough time to forge such a huge chain, but it would be a pity if they didn't include it, it's basically the main reason they won that battle! Or maybe they're just going to make wildfire even wilder than in the books, burning down the fleet in like 10 seconds, but that would suck.4 days with the wind.  They have to have deleted the chain, unless there's an industrial oil rig supply store around or something.
1620	ledlevee	2012-05-15	The chain is a major part of Tyrion's character arc.  Without it, Tyrion is not the same character as he was in the books, unless of course GRRM finds another way to show Tyrion is responsible for the Lannisters winning the battle.  Basically, Tyrion won the battle for them, and then they turned around and stabbed him in the back.  Without the chain or something else major to show Tyrion was responsible for the victory at Blackwater, his character arc falls apart.  I'd be majorly disappointed if they don't show Tyrion's importance to the Lannisters winning the battle.
1621	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	eliminating the chain is actually a BIG change in the story, not directly but indirectly.
The chain was Tyrion's brainchild demonstrating he was the true savior of KL. 
The TV series just has Tyrion stealing Cersei's idea on the wildfire. 
Changing Tyrion from the brains that saved the City (and unthanked BTW) to just another dude, stealing ideas, well just typical.
1622	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	wow ledlevee great minds apparently think alike!
1623	Mulled Wino	2012-05-15	It might be possible that they use the chain as a surprise for the non-readers. They will be just as surprised as Stannis and everyone else. And Tyrion can banter about his brilliant idea with Bronn.You wouldn't have to show a meeting with the blacksmiths beforehand, you could just have Tyrion getting a message from the blacksmith that "the device" is in place. Cersei asks: "What was that all about?" Tyrion: "You'll see, sweet sister."Or something to that effect. I know I am grabbing for straws here, but I really really want the chain, and with GRRM as writer of the battle, I am still hopeful that they'll find a way to include it.please nooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1624	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-05-15	The chain seems too epic and iconic to just leave out altogether.
Maybe I'm being overly optimistic, but I think the chain still makes it in.  The prevailing assumption is that because there's been no scene with Tyrion and the smiths, that the chain can't possibly be employed in the battle (as Stannis's fleet is close by).  How do we know Tyrion hasn't already ordered work on the chain prior to now?  I think this could be something the showrunners are holding in their back pocket to be a surprise for the viewers and readers.  The explanation could come about in any number of ways, i.e. Tyrion could say something like "I've had smiths working round the clock on a surprise for Lord Stannis."  Not the way I'd have handled it, but it could work.
ETA - yeah, what Sennahoj said.  /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />  (that'll teach me to read every post!)
					
					
							Edited by Ferrum Aeternum, 15 May 2012 - 12:49 PM.
1625	Independent George	2012-05-15	eliminating the chain is actually a BIG change in the story, not directly but indirectly.The chain was Tyrion's brainchild demonstrating he was the true savior of KL.The TV series just has Tyrion stealing Cersei's idea on the wildfire.Changing Tyrion from the brains that saved the City (and unthanked BTW) to just another dude, stealing ideas, well just typical.Especially because the Tyrell alliance is now Littlefinger's idea, too.I'll withhold judgement until after the episode airs, but I'm nervous about the implications for Tyrion.
1626	Dagmer Cleftballs	2012-05-15	Hey all, long time, first time, and so forth....
How about this: The chain is already there as an existing defense mechanism. Tyrion's having the chain forged is not the truly brilliant part; rather, it is his idea to use the chain to trap the fleet INSIDE the harbor so the wildfire can do its work. As Stannis' fleet approaches, Joffrey (would rather say Cersei, but everything on tv is Joffrey's idea so whatever) orders the chain raised to slow their attack, but Tyrion refuses the order. Joffrey brands Tyrion a traitor for this (still upset about the post-riot scene) and orders Ser Meryn to kill his uncle. By the time he gets to him, the wildfire/chain combo has decimated the fleet, but Meryn still tries to kill him, Pod saves the day, Tywin and the Tyrell host rout Stannis' remaining troops and receive all of the credit. Basically everything in the book storyline is set right by this change, but the chain sequence is a little less telegraphed. Thoughts?
1627	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-05-15	Hey all, long time, first time, and so forth....How about this: The chain is already there as an existing defense mechanism. Tyrion's having the chain forged is not the truly brilliant part; rather, it is his idea to use the chain to trap the fleet INSIDE the harbor so the wildfire can do its work. As Stannis' fleet approaches, Joffrey (would rather say Cersei, but everything on tv is Joffrey's idea so whatever) orders the chain raised to slow their attack, but Tyrion refuses the order. Joffrey brands Tyrion a traitor for this (still upset about the post-riot scene) and orders Ser Meryn to kill his uncle. By the time he gets to him, the wildfire/chain combo has decimated the fleet, but Meryn still tries to kill him, Pod saves the day, Tywin and the Tyrell host rout Stannis' remaining troops and receive all of the credit. Basically everything in the book storyline is set right by this change, but the chain sequence is a little less telegraphed. Thoughts?That's not bad at all, especially since we never found out for sure if it was Cersei who gave Ser Mandon the order to kill Tyrion (or did we?). Also, welcome.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1628	turdle	2012-05-15	Hey all, long time, first time, and so forth....How about this: The chain is already there as an existing defense mechanism. Tyrion's having the chain forged is not the truly brilliant part; rather, it is his idea to use the chain to trap the fleet INSIDE the harbor so the wildfire can do its work. As Stannis' fleet approaches, Joffrey (would rather say Cersei, but everything on tv is Joffrey's idea so whatever) orders the chain raised to slow their attack, but Tyrion refuses the order. Joffrey brands Tyrion a traitor for this (still upset about the post-riot scene) and orders Ser Meryn to kill his uncle. By the time he gets to him, the wildfire/chain combo has decimated the fleet, but Meryn still tries to kill him, Pod saves the day, Tywin and the Tyrell host rout Stannis' remaining troops and receive all of the credit. Basically everything in the book storyline is set right by this change, but the chain sequence is a little less telegraphed. Thoughts?that would be better than nothing, but if the chain already exists, you'd think that would have come up in tyrion and cerceis conversation about stannis. instead of cercei simply saying "we'll rain fire down on them" or what ever, she might have said, "we'll hold them at bay with the chain."
1629	Dagmer Cleftballs	2012-05-15	That's not bad at all, especially since we never found out for sure if it was Cersei who gave Ser Mandon the order to kill Tyrion (or did we?).Also, welcome.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I don't recall for certain, but Tyrion assumed she was responsible, and I don't think we learned otherwise. Obviously I am quite prepared to be corrected.that would be better than nothing, but if the chain already exists, you'd think that would have come up in tyrion and cerceis conversation about stannis. instead of cercei simply saying "we'll rain fire down on them" or what ever, she might have said, "we'll hold them at bay with the chain."My solution definitely isn't perfect, but it's the best I could come up with. As others have said, the chain is more than just a means to victory in the story. It is essential IMO that Tyrion's cunning saves KL yet he receives no credit for it. And though I'm sure he'll keep his nose, I still expect him to be assaulted by one of "his" own men. I'm hoping he blames Cersei in the show as well, since they are getting along so well right now and that cannot last.
1630	Dagmer Cleftballs	2012-05-15	Also the chain wouldn't do much to stop a massive invasion. In fact, if they keep the ships at bay and force them to land troops farther from the walls, the wildfire plan would be less effective anyway. It's a lot easier for foes to scatter and evade on the ground than when they're stuck aboard wooden ships.
1631	turdle	2012-05-15	My solution definitely isn't perfect, but it's the best I could come up with. As others have said, the chain is more than just a means to victory in the story. It is essential IMO that Tyrion's cunning saves KL yet he receives no credit for it. And though I'm sure he'll keep his nose, I still expect him to be assaulted by one of "his" own men. I'm hoping he blames Cersei in the show as well, since they are getting along so well right now and that cannot last.i totally agree as far as its importance to tyrion. otherwise the battle will simply be another battle, and tywin will be solely responsible for the victory. to me it's so important because later when everyone betrays tyrion, it cuts so much deeper because he literally saved all their lives.
1632	Dagmer Cleftballs	2012-05-15	It matters enough to me that I finally signed up to post a theory on how to make it work!
Whatever they do, I'm sure they'll keep that motivation for Tyrion intact. Going into season two, he was clearly a tv audience favorite and pretty much the only Lannister people didn't want to see killed (obviously in a couple of seasons everyone will love Jaime too!). Since then they've done a lot to humanize Tywin and Cersei, and post-Blackwater Tyrion will grow to hate them more than ever. May as well start laying the groundwork for that now.
1633	RoamingRonin	2012-05-15	The chain doesn't need 3-4 episodes of build up. It's JUST a great big metal chain. The writers can't afford to waste time on such a little thing. Tyrion can come up with a different idea that wins the battle anyway.
1634	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	The chain doesn't need 3-4 episodes of build up. It's JUST a great big metal chain. The writers can't afford to waste time on such a little thing. Tyrion can come up with a different idea that wins the battle anyway.true but it would have been so easy to insert without much effot
1635	turdle	2012-05-15	true but it would have been so easy to insert without much effotwhat? and cut one of their 10 minute non-book scenes down to 8 minutes? i don't think so.
1636	sennahoj	2012-05-15	One problem with the chain is also the general setup of the battle. The topography of King's Landing is more or less unknown to the TV viewers. The show has established King's Landing as a city on the coast, but the fact that it lies at the estuary of the Blackwater Rush has not been stated. But I think it is crucial to understand that Stannis would sail up this major river to land his troops on the strip of land on its north bank just before the city walls. Otherwise the chain trap would make a lot less sense. This trap depends on three things, the wildfire (which has been established), the chain itself (which could still feature as being forged offscreen to surprise the viewers) and the Blackwater Rush itself, since its current pushes the fleeing ships against the chain.
So far we don't know exactly what King's Landing looks like based just on the show. Before the battle begins, either side needs to explicitly state where the best points of attack are, for example by putting a map of King's Landing on the table and saying: "Stannis will sail up the Blackwater and land his troops here, blah blah."
Without such a setup even showing the chain as a surprise without any further exposition on its making would only confuse the viewers who have not read the books. They will ask what the chain is supposed to block, whether to keep Stannis out or in, does it span the whole bay, where did that river come from etc etc
I hope I am making sense.
1637	Eddard Sand	2012-05-15	I agree that a quick little map scene would be beneficial, and preferable but isn't exactly necessary. They can still get across the point that the ships are trapped with some good cinematography. CGI birds eye view  of the ships flooding the river mouth, cut to a scene of the briefly introduced but already forgotten Saladhor Sahn holding off his own ships. We can see the chain being raised and the catapults flinging wildfire down on them. Something like that could work.
1638	Impish	2012-05-15	They don't have to build up the chain at ALL, they simply need to use it when it's time.
All you need is a few seconds of Davos noticing the little towers on the way in with a puzzled look (and maybe a line about how he's never seen them before), a shot of Tyrion ordering "raise the chain!", and chaos ensues.  That's all they need.
In fact I suspect they are deliberately avoiding any mention of the chain so far, in order to enhance the surprise for non-readers.  The audience will find out about the chain the same way Davos does, that's my bet.
1639	Darth Pipes	2012-05-15	And the Antler Men!  C'mon!I'm amazed they haven't shown this scene, since they've created new scenes to make Joffrey look even more sadistic.We still have to the actual battle itself for the chain to show up.  It could just appear during the battle with it noted as being Tyrion's secret weapon although I wish they would at least drop a hint.Speaking of scenes I can't believe they haven't had, how come we haven't seen Tyrion sitting the Iron Throne?  He did in the book although the topics that were discussed (Robb's peace terms, the Night's Watch) was covered in aother scene.  Still, have can you pass up Tyrion holding court?
1640	Sir Cadogan	2012-05-15	They don't have to build up the chain at ALL, they simply need to use it when it's time.All you need is a few seconds of Davos noticing the little towers on the way in with a puzzled look (and maybe a line about how he's never seen them before), a shot of Tyrion ordering "raise the chain!", and chaos ensues.  That's all they need.In fact I suspect they are deliberately avoiding any mention of the chain so far, in order to enhance the surprise for non-readers.  The audience will find out about the chain the same way Davos does, that's my bet.That's the problem. Davos sees the iron shizznit coming and then he thinks 'clever bastards'. What the audience needs to see is Tyrion's cleverness, that's what this season should've built up. CoK is so focused in Tyrion that here in Brazil the book cover is him walking through alleys in King's Landing. Such an awesome cover. It depicts the aura of the book perfectly.
1641	StarkBlack21	2012-05-15	Where is Alister Thorne? He got sent to King's Landing at the end of the first season.  Don't tell me they are getting rid of Alister Thorne and Great Jon?
1642	Sir Cadogan	2012-05-15	Where is Alister Thorne? He got sent to King's Landing at the end of the first season.  Don't tell me they are getting rid of Alister Thorne and Great Jon?And that was a great actor. He's got this narrow look and semi-closed mouth that gives me chills.
1643	Greywolf2375	2012-05-16	Where is Alister Thorne? He got sent to King's Landing at the end of the first season.  Don't tell me they are getting rid of Alister Thorne and Great Jon?Well, LF stole all of the teleportation crystals so Thorne actually has to walk the whole distance from the Wall to KL.
1644	LuisDantas	2012-05-16	I am willing to bet that the chain will be there.  The season is rushed enough that I believe they simply lacked the time to include a scene of Tyrion visiting the smiths and ordering its construction.I am not however willing to bet that the chain will be shown on-panel.  We never saw the board that killed Robert, after all.
1645	WhiteWalder	2012-05-16	I read somewhere that HBO gave the series 15m more than they got last season specifically for this battle. I think that if they were going to include the chain we would have seen Tyrion setting it up by now, which only disappoints me as a reader of the series not as a fan of the show. The battle is going to be EPIC either way.Maybe there will be a 15 million dollar chain.
1646	Kaitscralt	2012-05-16	the return of Renly (sic)How is this an important element? Renly's helmet wasn't even in the show.
1647	Ser Giant	2012-05-16	Loras will rush Renly's head to Ramsay and have it professionaly skinned so he can wear it in the battle. It is known.
1648	Sword of the Morning Wood	2012-05-16	I'm hoping either he's been working on the chain and reveals it before, or even during the battle or that he learns it's already there and decides to use it. Tyrion tactically outmanoeuvring Stannis' army is a crucial bit of the plot. (Well probably not but it's fucking cool).
1649	sennahoj	2012-05-16	Maybe for budget reasons they link the Blackwater chain and Tyrion's chain of office into one and push the whole thing back to another season, so that Tyrion can kill Shae (and his father for good measure) with an impressive morningstar consisting of linked iron hands. Or Tyrion forces the Goldcloaks to strip and tie their chainmail together so they can use that to close the Blackwater.
1650	DirtyRobes	2012-05-16	Hey all, long time, first time, and so forth....How about this: The chain is already there as an existing defense mechanism. Tyrion's having the chain forged is not the truly brilliant part; rather, it is his idea to use the chain to trap the fleet INSIDE the harbor so the wildfire can do its work. As Stannis' fleet approaches, Joffrey (would rather say Cersei, but everything on tv is Joffrey's idea so whatever) orders the chain raised to slow their attack, but Tyrion refuses the order. Joffrey brands Tyrion a traitor for this (still upset about the post-riot scene) and orders Ser Meryn to kill his uncle. By the time he gets to him, the wildfire/chain combo has decimated the fleet, but Meryn still tries to kill him, Pod saves the day, Tywin and the Tyrell host rout Stannis' remaining troops and receive all of the credit. Basically everything in the book storyline is set right by this change, but the chain sequence is a little less telegraphed. Thoughts?Ok my only problem with this is then Stannis and his WHOLE fleet would have to know about it as well! IF it was already a part of KL's defense system then there is NO WAY Stannis would not know about it, having lead a lot of Roberts armys. Its very important that the chain is a New defense, while yes Tyrion did not invent the idea, he did spring it on Stannis' fleet combined with wildfire.While I'd take this over No chain, we still have Davos leading the stupid headlong attack. Also if thats the case he doesn't notice those little towers off in the distance, a nice shot of their demise. There are soo many reasons the chain is important, not only to Tyrions character but to the whole events of the Blackwater. I dont except that there just wasnt time to insert a very short scene(thats all it needs) as obvious as Tyrion commissioning a blacksmith to make him metal rings or even another character saying the Blacksmiths are all backed up with orders from the Hand with the big reveal in ep 9.I'm still hopefull... but less.P.s. WelcomeEdited for Welcome
					
					
							Edited by DirtyRobes, 16 May 2012 - 11:53 AM.
1651	Balefont	2012-05-16	Ok my only problem with this is then Stannis and his WHOLE fleet would have to know about it as well! IF it was already a part of KL's defense system then there is NO WAY Stannis would not know about it, having lead a lot of Roberts armys.Yep.
1652	Impish	2012-05-16	What the audience needs to see is Tyrion's cleverness, that's what this season should've built up.Very true, and I will certainly be disappointed if there is no mention of how long Tyrion has been working on the chain.  I'm just saying they can easily cover this with a handful of lines during the actual battle.  All it'd take is Bronn saying something like "and I thought you were crazy when you put all the blacksmiths on that weeks ago" or whatever.Much more economical to do it that way, than devoting screen time showing its actual manufacture.  Of course the downside is we lose the whole "what the heck is this chain for" mystery element from the books.. or rather, the mystery will be compressed into a few minutes, between Davos noticing the towers and the chain being raised.I can't imagine them not having the chain at all... it MAKES the battle.  And isn't GRRM himself scripting this episode?  No way he'd cut one of the most (if not THE most) crucial elements of the battle.
1653	Lord Balbi	2012-05-16	I'm amazed nobody mentioned this so far but i'm sure I read somewhere that during Martin's visit to Portugal this month he said, for budget reasons, they would have to cut one "thing" from Blackwater. He didn't say what was that but I guess is pretty clear for me he is talking about the chain.No one heard that? I will look for a link.Edit: Here it is. Sorry, it's in portuguese:http://www.gameofthr...l-parte_03.htmlRoughly translating... Martin is asked what to expect of this battle in the series and in his answer he says "We need a lot of special effects for the "trebuchets" and the wildfire, and we also need boats and horses. Some of these elements needed to be eliminated, I won't say which".Now that I re-read maybe he is only talking about horses..they are difficult to control.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Balbi, 17 May 2012 - 07:59 AM.
1654	Davos55	2012-05-16	CoK is so focused in Tyrion that here in Brazil the book cover is him walking through alleys in King's Landing. Such an awesome cover. It depicts the aura of the book perfectly.I am not gonna lie.. I really want that cover!! It sounds pretty epic, do you have a link to a picture of it by chance? I just haven't bought ACOK yet and would like to, and that cover sounds right up my alley.
1655	RoamingRonin	2012-05-17	They're probably going to put more emphasis on Tyrion's battle strategies during the actual battle. The chain could already exist in the bay, Tyrion could just suggest that they use it. We know he has access to the fire so he's probably already set up a plan for that...
1656	Lord Balbi	2012-05-17	I am not gonna lie.. I really want that cover!! It sounds pretty epic, do you have a link to a picture of it by chance? I just haven't bought ACOK yet and would like to, and that cover sounds right up my alley.Well, Iam not the one who mentioned but here is brazil cover for CoK:http://www.google.co...sa=N&#38;tab=wiEdit: As far as I know all brazil covers were done by the same artist who created the french ones. They are all beautiful.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Balbi, 17 May 2012 - 07:49 AM.
1657	Davos55	2012-05-17	Lord Balbi, thank you very much! That is an excellent cover.  Very beautiful indeed.
1658	Eddard Sand	2012-05-18	So we have gone back and forth for awhile now with some decent discourse concerning the chain, and well truth is we will never really know till we see the episode so how about we switch to another question.
Will another of Tyrions brilliant maneuvers be displayed? Are we going to see the old derelict merchant cogs stuffed full of wildfire?
I'd love to see the ridiculously well endowed swordfish or whatever it is called slam into the cog causing the enormous emerald inferno that engulfs stannis' fleet. That chapter remains one of my favorites of all time. The helplessness of Davos and his sons was superbly depicted.
1659	Humphrey Plantagenet	2012-05-18	especially since it's tyrions main contribution. not having the chain would reduce his role in the battle to little more than a dwarf who got his nose cut off. also, i bet they don't cut off his nose. hopefully at least a significant scar though.They must include the Chain. Tyrion won the battle of the blackwater twice. First with the chain and secondly with his courageous sortie once the hound snapped.I completely agree. I didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t like Tyrion getting knocked out and missing the Green Fork in series 1. It would be much worse if both his tactics & bravery are left out in this series.
1660	Humphrey Plantagenet	2012-05-18	So we have gone back and forth for awhile now with some decent discourse concerning the chain, and well truth is we will never really know till we see the episode so how about we switch to another question. Will another of Tyrions brilliant maneuvers be displayed? Are we going to see the old derelict merchant cogs stuffed full of wildfire? I'd love to see the ridiculously well endowed swordfish or whatever it is called slam into the cog causing the enormous emerald inferno that engulfs stannis' fleet. That chapter remains one of my favorites of all time. The helplessness of Davos and his sons was superbly depicted.Battles haven't been shown yet, because the budget clearly doesn't stretch. Hence Robb's spent series 2 walking around fields and making eyes at a nurse. Maybe they've been saving their coin for this moment, but I have some nagging doubts about that. Things have generally been small in scale. 13 people and a dozen unsullied outside a gate = Dany sees Quarth for the first time. its all been indoors and gardens since. And Renly's "massive army" was a bit tiddly to be honest...if you take my meaning.So I can't see the battle of the Blackwater being Helm's Deep tastic
					
					
							Edited by Humphrey Plantagenet, 18 May 2012 - 12:36 PM.
1661	DirtyRobes	2012-05-18	Battles haven't been shown yet, because the budget clearly doesn't stretch. Hence Robb's spent series 2 walking around fields and making eyes at a nurse. Maybe they've been saving their coin for this moment, but I have some nagging doubts about that. Things have generally been small in scale. 13 people and a dozen unsullied outside a gate = Dany sees Quarth for the first time. its all been indoors and gardens since. And Renly's "massive army" was a bit tiddly to be honest...if you take my meaning.So I can't see the battle of the Blackwater being Helm's Deep tasticVery true, the whole season has had a real lack of action. Besides a few Short shots of dragons i'm not sure they've spent that much yet, so i'm really hoping the Battle of the Blackwater is really as Big as expected, it took Over a month to film!!! With ALL that money spent on one episode(D&D went back to HBO to get Extra $$ for this ep) We can Squeeze one little Gigantic Harbour Size Chain in, cant we?
1662	Manhole Eunuchsbane	2012-05-18	On the show so far we haven't had a clear measure for the passing of time or for distances travelled, so the forging of the chain could be done very quickly on the show but still be ready in time.I suppose, but they should've already had the scene with Tyrion and the blacksmiths. Seems to me they're just going to pass it over. /mad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':angry:' />
					
					
							Edited by Manhole Eunuchsbane, 18 May 2012 - 01:53 PM.
1663	Impish	2012-05-18	Still from "Blackwater" released!http://www.accesshol...ader_167799.jpgLooks like Bronn is about to kick off the wildfire party! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Source: http://www.accesshol...d_article_64924
					
					
							Edited by Impish, 18 May 2012 - 02:52 PM.
1664	spork	2012-05-18	Also, if you look closely it looks like something is stretched out across the water behind him...
1665	Impish	2012-05-18	Here's a larger version:http://winteriscomin.../blackwater.jpg
Is that... a chain on the rock face behind Bronn?? And/or possibly making a faint line in the water leading to the little gate??
					
					
							Edited by Impish, 18 May 2012 - 03:21 PM.
1666	Impish	2012-05-18	A collection of quotes regarding Blackwater:Last season, large-scale battles unfolded off-screen. Producers knew they couldn't pull off that [offscreen] trick with this year's Battle of Blackwater, a big rebel siege that begins on a river and spills over into the capital city. "We came to [HBO] on bended knee to plead for more money," says Mr. Benioff. The producers declined to discuss the scale and costs of the Blackwater sequence; inevitably it involved some concessions.Source: http://online.wsj.co...2008018946.htmlDBW: We decided that we really wanted to do the Battle of the Blackwater. We tried to really protect it, and set aside dollars and time. In the end we still had to beg HBO for more money, though.DB: Luckily they were very generous.DBW: But also we feel that grand spectacle is not really the feeling of the show. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s more of a worms-eye, ground level view, with all the point of view characters.Source: http://www.telegraph...id-Benioff.htmlTaking a full month to shoot as opposed to a standard â<U+0080>Game of Thronesâ<U+0080><U+0099> episodeâ<U+0080><U+0099>s ten days, George R.R. Martin even penned the episode himself to ensure proper adaptation of such a challenging story.In an interview with the Vancouver Sun, Martin says of the battle, which features two factions warring for control of the Westeros capital Kingâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing, â<U+0080><U+009C>Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m on tenterhooks to see what sort of production values (were used) and how much they were able to capture on screen. The Battle of the Blackwater is a gigantic set piece in the book;  it occupies 12 chapters, or something like that. It fills up the entire episode, and we had to cut certain elements of it, or it would have demanded a â<U+0080>Lord of the Ringsâ<U+0080><U+0099>-style budget.â<U+0080><U+009D>Source: http://screencrush.c...tin-blackwater/Benioff: As far as the Battle of Blackwater goes, there was a danger at the top of the season, when we were doing the budget, that we thought that we just wouldn't be able to do it. And that we might just have to have Cersei and Sansa holding fast in that sort of panic room in the Red Keep getting reports from the outside, from the front. Which was more or less the way Shakespeare handled battle scenes when he knew he could do anything on stage. And that's kind of a time-tested way of doing things. Whether it was Rome, or even I, Claudius. But at a certain point, that felt like a cheat. Because it was one thing to do it in Season 1 when we did it with the battle, but this whole season is kind of building to the Battle of Blackwater Bay. And for us to not show any of that felt like it would have been cheating viewers. At the same point, we knew we didn't have the time or the money to do a prolonged Peter Jackson-style or Ridley Scott-style battle, so it came down to trying to figure out what we could do to have real dramatic impact. And visual impact knowing our limitations. And there was a lot of stuff we couldn't do.There's rarely a time that I wish we were making these as features because we would lose so much and we wouldn't get to spend nearly as much time with the characters. And there would be so much pressure to make everything PG-13. Tyrion couldn't curse. And there wouldn't be any nudity and the violence would be too toned down. But this is one of the few moments when you do wish you had, like, a month to go out and shoot the full battle. And take that time to do it exactly the way George wrote it. And we couldn't. So it became about making strategic decisions about what we could show and what was going to be amazing. And luckily we have incredible VFX teams.Source: http://tv.ign.com/ar.../1221315p2.htmlWhen you say that to me and you say that they were worried about the finance, and that it wouldn't be big enough, that kind of scares me because from what I saw I had never been on a set with such perfect attention to detail. [...] So they really, really decided to use every bit of finance they had available to them. I think it would be wrong for the fans to assume that they are not going to get the battle scenes that they want because what they have done has been fantastically well organized and perfectly, perfectly put together.Source: http://ca.eonline.co...x_family/312254So... I think it's clear we are definitely going to be getting an extensively realized visual representation of the battle, complete with "incredible VFX", they're definitely NOT going to cop out and just have characters describing it offscreen.  They say they had to make some concessions (one of the above interviews says they were only able to build a single boat, presumably the rest will be CG), and that the action will be more "worm's eye" than sweeping vistas... but that's true to the book's POV format anyway.
1667	turdle	2012-05-18	Here's a larger version: http://winteriscomin.../blackwater.jpg Is that... a chain on the rock face behind Bronn?? And/or possibly making a faint line in the water leading to the little gate??yeah, i think you're right, i see what looks like could be a line going from that door/gate directly toward where bronn is.  perhaps they'll justify the chain with a scene in this upcoming episode where cersei barges in on tyrion demanding to know why the black smiths aren't busy making swords and shields as she commanded them, and tyrion says he's been having them working on something else, or something like that, so it's established that this has been going on for a while.
1668	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-18	They were alotted 2.5x the budget for "Blackwater", it will be epic.Not quite sure how that works out.  Are you saying they spent like, hm, $15 megabucks on a single one-hour television episode?  If so, I wonder whether thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a new record... anybody got comparative data? No wonder HBO is posting a special â<U+0080><U+009C>The Making of Blackwaterâ<U+0080><U+009D> short a weekish from now!
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 18 May 2012 - 04:51 PM.
1669	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-18	yeah, i think you're right, i see what looks like could be a line going from that door/gate directly toward where bronn is.Certainly looks like a chain to me. Woot-woot!One thing Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve never understood is how flaming arrows work.  Shouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t firing them extinguish the flame?
1670	Storm of Words	2012-05-18	I Really hope there will be a chain and some Tyrion fighting.
In Season One they took him out of the battle....please not again.
(Bad enough that we didn't see a lot of great Shagga / Dolph / Tyrion roaming throgh KL in Season 2)
HALFMAN!! HALFMAN!!! HALFMAN!!!! /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
(If he loses his nose or not - well It's a mainstream tv show - they won't do it - and thats not a big problem regarding other deviations IMO)
1671	Impish	2012-05-18	I think we'll see Tyrion leading his sortie... the Hound's terror of the flames (critical to the plot, as he flees the capital shortly after), and "They call me half a man, what does that make you?" is just too good to pass up.
I suspect it won't be a mounted charge though, probably one of the first "concessions" to be made as others have suggested.
1672	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-18	I think we'll see Tyrion leading his sortie... the Hound's terror of the flames (critical to the plot, as he flees the capital shortly after), and "They call me half a man, what does that make you?" is just too good to pass up. I suspect it won't be a mounted charge though, probably one of the first "concessions" to be made as others have suggested.Though youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re likely right, I rather enjoy seeing Tyrion mounted atop his horse. [heh! just try reading that one aloud ;]
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 18 May 2012 - 08:52 PM.
1673	SerMixalot	2012-05-18	Certainly looks like a chain to me. Woot-woot! One thing Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve never understood is how flaming arrows work. Shouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t firing them extinguish the flame?Presumably they are dipped in tar so they dont go out easily
1674	SerMixalot	2012-05-18	Battle of Blackwater at night????
Dont these writers even READ the books!??? /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' /> /ninja.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ninja:' />
1675	Leuf	2012-05-18	It does look like it could be the chain in the picture.  Honestly I hope it isn't at this point since they didn't build up to it.  Pulling it out of nowhere starting the episode before when Stannis is almost there would be ridiculous.
1676	tripleseq	2012-05-18	One problem with the chain is also the general setup of the battle. The topography of King's Landing is more or less unknown to the TV viewers. The show has established King's Landing as a city on the coast, but the fact that it lies at the estuary of the Blackwater Rush has not been stated. But I think it is crucial to understand that Stannis would sail up this major river to land his troops on the strip of land on its north bank just before the city walls. Otherwise the chain trap would make a lot less sense. This trap depends on three things, the wildfire (which has been established), the chain itself (which could still feature as being forged offscreen to surprise the viewers) and the Blackwater Rush itself, since its current pushes the fleeing ships against the chain. So far we don't know exactly what King's Landing looks like based just on the show. Before the battle begins, either side needs to explicitly state where the best points of attack are, for example by putting a map of King's Landing on the table and saying: "Stannis will sail up the Blackwater and land his troops here, blah blah." Without such a setup even showing the chain as a surprise without any further exposition on its making would only confuse the viewers who have not read the books. They will ask what the chain is supposed to block, whether to keep Stannis out or in, does it span the whole bay, where did that river come from etc etc I hope I am making sense.This is a good point.  One of the main budget factors they are dealing with is location.  They've done a fantastic job finding King's Landing in Croatia, however I haven't seen an enormous bay beside the city.  A rather small one in the send off seen, that's it.  Perhaps the compromise had to be made, loose the chain, save the city.  Disappointing but fair. I'll take King's landing feeling any day over the chain, provided they come up with a similarly clever plot tool that remains true to Tyrion's character.That said, I don't think this series is, or is going to be, 100% true to Tyrion's character.  He is FAR to gallant and honourable - even heroic.  That is not Tyrion at all: pragmatic, courageous (when he needs to be), sympathetic to the outcasts and the broken, but not honourable or genuinely heroic.  He certainly wouldn't risk his life to save a maiden which he has done multiple times now slapping his nephew around.  Isn't he supposed to have murdered someone he didn't like in the city by now?  Its been a while but I seem to remember Tyrion 'paying his debts' with some poor guy who annoyed him around this time in the story.  In any case, Tyrion, while being brilliantly acted in this series, is not Tyrion.  I'm not complaining because I'm gushing with joy over this series, and ugly in the 1200s is different from ugly today.  If Tyrion was all twisted with his face slashed up the show would be dead.  Compromises made.But they've turned Tyrion (who was closer to Tony Soprano) into something else.PREDICTION:  Tyrion is not going to kill Shae.  Cersei is going to do it as an act of revenge for shipping Marcella to Dorne, and that is how the final rift between them will be formed leading into the Joffrey wedding plot.NK
					
					
							Edited by tripleseq, 18 May 2012 - 10:31 PM.
1677	SerMixalot	2012-05-18	tyrion had the singer killed who wrote the song about golden  hands
1678	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-18	This is a good point.  One of the main budget factors they are dealing with is location.  They've done a fantastic job finding King's Landing in Croatia, however I haven't seen an enormous bay beside the city.  A rather small one in the send off seen, that's it.  Perhaps the compromise had to be made, loose the chain, save the city.  Thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s no way that Tyrion will let them do anything but keep the chain loose before most of Stannisâ<U+0080><U+0099>s ships  are in the maw of the dragon. Then heâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll tighten it up and spring the trap.
1679	Marjie Eilie Myatt	2012-05-18	The chain is a major part of Tyrion's character arc. Without it, Tyrion is not the same character as he was in the books, unless of course GRRM finds another way to show Tyrion is responsible for the Lannisters winning the battle. Basically, Tyrion won the battle for them, and then they turned around and stabbed him in the back. Without the chain or something else major to show Tyrion was responsible for the victory at Blackwater, his character arc falls apart. I'd be majorly disappointed if they don't show Tyrion's importance to the Lannisters winning the battle.Since only Tyrion and the readers give Tyrion credit for the chain, I suppose they can ditch the chain because no actors have to actually give him praise for it.  Even his father won't give him Casterly Rock for saving the city (and thus their reign).I don't actually want to watch a Tyrion with no nose or most of his nose missing.  Most unpleasant viewing, and I hated that it befell him in the book anyway.  So I don't mind if that's gone.  Honestly, I thought it was awfully cruel of GRRM and unnecessary.  People already revile him for various reasons, and the hard times that he falls on don't depend on him not having a nose.  I prefer battle scars, even as bad as the Hound's; people around him would still find it hideous.  Rorge was supposed to be missing a nose completely but producers didn't go there.
1680	tripleseq	2012-05-18	Since only Tyrion and the readers give Tyrion credit for the chain, I suppose they can ditch the chain because no actors have to actually give him praise for it. Even his father won't give him Casterly Rock for saving the city (and thus their reign). I don't actually want to watch a Tyrion with no nose or most of his nose missing. Most unpleasant viewing, and I hated that it befell him in the book anyway. So I don't mind if that's gone. Honestly, I thought it was awfully cruel of GRRM and unnecessary. People already revile him for various reasons, and the hard times that he falls on don't depend on him not having a nose. I prefer battle scars, even as bad as the Hound's; people around him would still find it hideous. Rorge was supposed to be missing a nose completely but producers didn't go there."Loose" quote above was a type.. ooops.In any case, I defer on this topic to the basic fact that SOIAF in book form is not fantasy, it is a hybrid of fantasy and historical fiction in a very genuine sense.  It may not be actual human history, but it reflects human history in all its aspects. The number of characters are overwhelming, the tortures are brutal, rape, incest, everyone gets slaughtered, red weddings happen), etc. etc.  There are pacing constraints in the story that GRRM has chosen to work within for the sake of realism. Fantasy may be the secret sauce, but if you pulled it out you would be left with an accurate historical account of a fictional world that mirrors ours.
1681	The Monkey	2012-05-19	Battle of Blackwater at night???? Dont these writers even READ the books!??? /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' /> /ninja.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ninja:' />The writer being George RR Martin, I would assume so.
1682	Crown	2012-05-19	I came here to say that I spotted the chain on the Blackwater picture, but it was already discovered. Too bad.
1683	Hoo	2012-05-19	They've done a fantastic job finding King's Landing in Croatia,Lovely place, and there are plenty there.  BTW, there are plenty of yachts parked off the coast there to create an image of longships.  Yet, they have not done so.
1684	Fengari	2012-05-20	I think/hope the chain will be introduced in the coming episode, or maybe at the start of episode 9. Apart from Tyrion inspecting the wildfire stash, we haven't seen any preparations for the battle, but we have seen Tyrion's concern. It would be perfectly OK for Tyrion to inspect the result of his planning just before the battle starts, or to show a meeting with the people responsible for building the whores and forging the chain reporting to him. As long as it is made clear these things that win the battle are his idea.
1685	ledlevee	2012-05-21	So it seems they've replaced the chain with something involving pig turds?  I'm very curious to see how this plays out.
1686	MikeNH	2012-05-21	For all the people claiming to see the chain in that picture... think about how the scene is setup in that pic.  Look at the direction that Bronn is facing.  Look at the position of that mystery line relative to where the city is.
If that is a chain - it is behind Bronn and on the city side of the shore.  What purpose would that serve?  If Tyrion's chain does exist in the show (and I'm hoping it does) it would be off camera in that shot, off in the distance in the direction that Bronn is facing.
					
					
							Edited by MikeNH, 21 May 2012 - 10:30 AM.
1687	Impish	2012-05-23	If Tyrion's chain does exist in the show (and I'm hoping it does) it would be off camera in that shot, off in the distance in the direction that Bronn is facing.If the chain crosses the entire Blackwater, it would be exactly where we see it in the picture (extending outwards from KL), and ALSO "off camera" in the direction Bronn is facing.I certainly don't think that stretch of water we see in the photo is supposed to represent the entire mouth of the Blackwater (it's too small, and why would Bronn be on the south side of it?).  To me, it looks like Bronn is positioned on a little rocky island near the north bank, looking south over the main expanse of the river, and we're just seeing a small part of the full chain behind him, the rest would be in front of him.
1688	ledlevee	2012-05-24	So does anyone else think Tyrion's pigshit comment had something to do with how he's ultimately going to save the day?  It's looking more and more like the chain isn't going to be in the show for one reason or another.  So what in the world could pig turds have to do with anything?  Or am I trying to read too much into that comment.  It was definitely a joke, but it seemed that Tyrion was actually thinking about that comment after he said it, like he was scheming up a plan or something, at least if I remember the scene correctly.
1689	MikeNH	2012-05-24	So does anyone else think Tyrion's pigshit comment had something to do with how he's ultimately going to save the day?The "pig shit" comment was a reference to Bronn's discussion about wildfire w/ the Pyromancer.It went something like this:  Bronn: "...old men wheeling around jars of pigshit..."  Pryo: "Our order does not deal in pigshit!"
					
					
							Edited by MikeNH, 24 May 2012 - 10:08 AM.
1690	ledlevee	2012-05-24	Ah okay.  I forgot about that conversation.
1691	lynznliv	2012-11-02	It was probably too expensive to add the scene when I suppose they didn't think it was necessary to the end...i.e. Stannis being defeated.
1692	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-14	What do you think? Was butchering Alton a step too far, even for the amoral Jaime? I mean, the kid had just poured his heart out to him, saying it was the best day of his life when Jaime took him to squire. And then... crunch. And again. And again. And again...I don't know. I wouldn't put it past him, but still... that was brutal. He smashed the poor kid's head in, and they write it off like it doesn't even happen to get back into pseudo-book canon mode for the Cat and Brienne scene. Eh. I found it pretty jarring, and assuming they're going to be trying to make him more sympathetic in S3, that murder will be one hell of a specter. How is that not worse than what he did to Bran? Good scene, though. I wasn't expecting the sheer brutality, but still.
1693	Catastrophe	2012-05-14	What do you think? Was butchering Alton a step too far, even for the amoral Jaime?Yes. He never did anything close to that bad in the books. Also, the fact that he didn't even seem shaken by it makes him seem like a complete sociopath. The book Jaime was at least capable of feeling guilt.
1694	All-for-Joffrey	2012-05-14	Yes. He never did anything close to that bad in the books. Also, the fact that he didn't even seem shaken by it makes him seem like a complete sociopath. The book Jaime was at least capable of feeling guilt.You don't think pushing a 7 year old kid out a window is as bad as that (that's not a criticism, I'm legitimately curious)?What he did to Jory and Ned's guards was pretty awful and senseless too (although I agree what he did in that scene is even worse, I'm not sold on it being worse than the defenestration of Bran though).ETA: Regarding him not feeling guilt or being shaken by it, I'm pretty sure that's how he is in the books too. Even in the third book, when we finally get into his head, I don't recall any sort of guilt or remorse developing in until a little over halfway through, after he loses his hand and goes through all that crap with Brienne in Harrenhall. He seems like a complete sociopaith because he is one and I think that scene portrayed him very well.
					
					
							Edited by All-for-Joffrey, 14 May 2012 - 09:06 PM.
1695	Ser Giant	2012-05-14	It was awful. I he had stopped smashing the kid's face after blow 2 or 3 it wouldnt have been so bad. Apparently he is some crazed maniac all of a sudden. The only truly terrible decision made this season imo.
1696	House Snow	2012-05-14	If Jaimie is a kinslayer then so is Robb.
1697	Envie	2012-05-14	I don't think the act itself was beyond Jaime's capability or moral standing considering all of the other things he's done and will do... however, the brutality felt a little gratuitous to me considering the same thing could have played out if he just knocked the kid out and made some noise to cause the guard to come running in for the same reason if he just wanted an escape. Going to such brutal extremes wasn't really necessary and felt contrived.
Overall I love Jaime's lines in the scene and the exposition was good. My guess is they put that in there for shock effect.
1698	Kittykatknits	2012-05-14	I am a bit worried about what that scene means for Jaime in the future. In the same episode, Tyrion and Cersei have a convesation about Joff where she states he looks like Jaime and talks about the Targ madness. I am wondering if they are going to paint Jaime as a darker, more evil character in the show to help explain Joff a bit better. Cersei has been made a milder character so it seems possible they will do the opposite with Jaime. If this happens, and I really hope I am wrong, it will be really disappointing. Jaime is one of my favorite characters and I've been looking forward to his scenes all season.
1699	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-14	He threw bran out a window without a moment's thought, some random distant relative is of no consequence. I think his need to escape was more dire on the show In the books his first escape was from a nice room with all the luxuries. In the show he is covered in shit and is dragged from camp for months. In this new situation he would have totally done it.
1700	_Oberyn_	2012-05-14	ETA: Regarding him not feeling guilt or being shaken by it, I'm pretty sure that's how he is in the books too. Even in the third book, when we finally get into his head, I don't recall any sort of guilt or remorse developing in until a little over halfway through, after he loses his hand and goes through all that crap with Brienne in Harrenhall. He seems like a complete sociopaith because he is one and I think that scene portrayed him very well.Not realy. He had a chance to abandon/kill Brienne when she was in the water after the boat chase.
1701	Catastrophe	2012-05-14	You don't think pushing a 7 year old kid out a window is as bad as that (that's not a criticism, I'm legitimately curious)?What he did to Jory and Ned's guards was pretty awful and senseless too (although I agree what he did in that scene is even worse, I'm not sold on it being worse than the defenestration of Bran though).No, I don't think either of those things were as bad. Jaime pushed Bran out the window because he and his family's lives were at stake. If Robert had found out the truth he would've had Jaime and Cersei executed, and may even have killed their children as well. I'm not saying that what Jaime did was right, but he at least had a very good reason for what he did.As for killing Jory and Ned's guards, his own brother had just been kidnapped, he was in an uncontrollable rage, and the Starks were on the verge of war with the Lannisters. As horrible as it is, killing an enemy's bannermen seems to be standard Westerosi behavior, so what he did wasn't even that out of the ordinary.IMO neither of these compare to Jaime killing Alton in cold blood.
1702	tfoxx22	2012-05-14	I'm thinking this scene was just to remind the audience of what Jamie is capable of and to what extent he is willing to go to save himself or his immediate family. I mean he has been in a cage the whole season.
1703	WeirwoodTreeHugger	2012-05-14	Is kinslaying ever clearly defined in the books?  My impression was that it applied to parents, children and siblings but not neccesarily cousins.  This rule is practicality masked as religion I think.  Things would be pretty chaotic if family members were constantly killing each other for the inheiritance.
1704	Mad Queen	2012-05-14	I'm still trying to decide if killing Alton was actually worse than Jaime's other crimes or we just think so now because it's a new thing and we are used to his other crimes.  In any case, it was unnecessary and the way it played out was obviously for shock effect (first bond with, then kill relative brutally).
1705	Catastrophe	2012-05-14	After thinking about it, I think I realized what my problems with this scene are.It's not the Kinslaying part that bothers me, since Alton is a distant relative anyway. It's the fact that Jaime killed someone who was on his side, and someone who idolized him at that! Even it had just been a random Lannister soldier with no blood relation to him, it would've bothered me just as much. In the books, Jaime is utterly devoted to his family and his House, almost everything he does is for them. In the TV show, he seems to only be out for himself.Also, I didn't like that Jaime committed premeditated murder, luring Alton in like a serial killer and then showing no remorse afterwards. In the books his crimes were always acts of passion. I always got the sense that attempting to kill Bran was literally Jaime's worst action, something he did in a spontaneous act of desperation and fear. It was him at his lowest. Same goes for killing Jory, it was an unthinking act of rage at a time when he feared for his brother's life. I didn't think of him as a horrible person, I thought of him as a once-noble man who did a few horrible- but not unforgivable- things. In the show, it seems like he's just a murderer through and through, and this is just par for the course for him.IMO this version of Jaime never would've killed Aerys. He would've gotten on his horse, ridden far away from King's Landing, and watched the fireworks from a distant hilltop before running back to Casterly Rock.
					
					
							Edited by Catastrophe, 14 May 2012 - 10:42 PM.
1706	Gemini	2012-05-14	^agreed  
It doesn't bother me at all that it was a relative.  It's the underhanded, scheming way he did it.  That just isn't Jaime.  
On top of that, Jaime's worst crimes have always been committed for the sake of others, whether it was Bran (his sister), Jory and company (his brother), or Aerys (the realm).  This was utterly selfish and rather pointless, and I just don't buy that Jaime would do it.
1707	Stannis Iron Baratheon	2012-05-15	I think it was done to enphisize his redemption in later seasons. And in his deffence, i would do the same thing.
1708	Onion Smuggler	2012-05-15	I think it was done to enphisize his redemption in later seasons. And in his deffence, i would do the same thing.I think they'll be even less sympathy for him now. There can be no redemption for his TV actions really.I think it was in interesting decision, not least because I thought Alton was meant to be Cleos Frey, so it's just going to be Brienne and Jamie who escape now. It's made him seem even more ruthless and sociopathic than he is in the books. I'd be interested to know what non book readers opinions of him are in later seasons.
1709	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	i dont buy his motivations.  He is an extremely valuable prisoner.  he has to know he is going to be traded back at some point.  An escape makes that far less likely, especially when killing nobles.
i know he attempts an escape in the book, but that escape seems to have at least have had a chance of working.  He is covered in shit in the middle of a camp of 15k soldiers.  Yes escaping from a castle is different but in some ways easier if you have the element of surprise and mummers faking voices.
I suppose that is a relatively meaningless difference in the logic of TV world but still...
					
					
							Edited by SerMixalot, 15 May 2012 - 06:06 AM.
1710	Bambi	2012-05-15	The scene really surprised me, Jaime's brutality was an unneccesary change from the books i think. Someone mentioned him as sociopath above, HBO-Jaime is really gets to look something like that, and i dislike it.
1711	Giskard Reventlov	2012-05-15	In the books he start his path to redemption after he loses his hand.
Maybe they wanted to emphasize his narcissism and disregard for all others (except Cersei) before S3.
1712	reiver	2012-05-15	Jaime's redemption worked, for me, because even though his actions were immoral and against what the code of the era said he should do, they were consistent and relatively justifiable but never wanton or cruel. This seems a step into a different kind of evil. With the pre-killing bonding the whole thing felt very cheap and manipulative and i don't see how this character can fit into a the redemption arc. There's nothing to be misunderstood here.
The other thing i'm less keen on is that now Rickard's demands for jaime's head are justified. Before there was the whole unreasonable nature of the demand for something done during battle, now it looks like they're going to skip the need for Robb to make a difficult decision.
					
					
							Edited by reiver, 15 May 2012 - 09:06 AM.
1713	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2012-05-15	The show singlehandedly destroyed Jaime Lannister as a character.
1714	Brienne the Beauty	2012-05-15	Killing a distant relative can't be kinslaying, since all the nobles are interrelated, but this does not seem to put them off warring against each other.
I thought this change was brilliant. In the books, Cersei was a bit too unsympathetic, and Jaime too sympathetic. The show is playing up Cersei's good side and Jaime's bad side, which is much more interesting and ambiguous.
1715	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	There is definitely a distinct difference between attempting to kill bran and killing cleo (sic). 
Killing bran was to protect the one thing he cares about, cersei.  Bran could have destroyed everything.
He killed cleo (sic) to escape from prison.  I just dont buy the motivation considering the bloody cold heartedness of it.
1716	David Selig	2012-05-15	I don't think a distant cousin counts as kin when it comes to the kinslaying taboo.I don't think killing a distant relative to escape is out of character for Jaime from the books at all, he's a ruthless and callous man.He killed cleo (sic) to escape from prison. I just dont buy the motivation considering the bloody cold heartedness of it.Why not? Remember how Jamie killed Jory and the other two Stark men just to send a message to Ned? He is ruthless and killing is no big deal for him at all. He was also out searching for Arya at the Trident with the intent to kill or maim her.
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 15 May 2012 - 11:48 AM.
1717	Ser Elfor the Landstander	2012-05-15	I think a lot of people confuse Jaime before losing his sword hand with goldenhand Jaime.Goldenhand is a great character who grew a lot during his ASOS and AFFC arc, especially in his dealings with Brienne. Their interaction made him a better person, for all intents and purposes.But it was losing his hand that really changed him. Without his natural talent for sword fighting, Jaime lost his identity - the one defining characteristic that made him objectively "better" than anyone else. He became more humble, and started to view things in a different way.Jaime before losing his hand was a douchebag. He worried a little about his family (loved Cersei and Tyrion), but he only cared about himself. Shoving Bran out the window was a pretty horrible thing. People may rationalize it, using his "the things I do for love" quote as a sign he did it for Cersei, but we don't really know what he was thinking at the time.In the end, it doesn't matter. That Jaime would do anything for his (or his family's) safety, ignoring everyone in the way. At that moment, the person in the way was Bran. In the show, it was Alton Lannister.So I had no problem with this scene. It was amazing, and it doesn't destroy Jaime's character for the future.
1718	The Monkey	2012-05-15	Maybe it doesn't matter much, but I assumed that Alton wasn't Jaime first cousin, but maybe second or third. He didn't know who Alton's mother was, and I would have thought he would have kept track of his own aunts. But if she was Tywin's cousin or second cousin, that would be another matter. Plus, I don't think Alton would separate that much between his family and THE Lannister family if their parents were siblings.
It's still kinslaying, but perhaps a "milder" form than most people assume.
EDIT:
Also, people overlook a fact that was revealed in AFFC.
When Nymeria had mauled Joffrey and Arya had run away, Cersei wanted Jaime to find her and kill her, and Jaime stated that he would've done so without a second thought, if only he had found her first. Killing Arya would have served no purpose whatsoever, as neither Jaime or his family was in jeopardy if she survived. So tell me how killing Arya is in-character for two-handed Jaime, but killing Alton isn't.
					
					
							Edited by The Monkey, 15 May 2012 - 10:08 AM.
1719	HouseLark	2012-05-15	I'm unconvinced about the "distant relative" argument. Kin are kin, no matter what. The two share a name and allegiance which marks them as something more than bannermen. We should also remember that the scene has the impact that it has had precisely because Jaime and Alton were known to be relatives. If Alton was just another captive soldier then the audience would have shrugged with indifference at Jaime stoving his head in. So in one breath do we acknowledge that the scene was forceful for that reason but then in the next deny that it's genuine kinslaying? If it isn't a kinslaying then the scene is almost meaningless, it's a throwaway; if it is a kinslaying then Jaime has committed one of the most grievous acts in the world of Westeros. Where do we go with that?
I'm minded to think that Jaime is a kinslayer and this will feed into his character development, it will be another act that he cannot forget along with his kingslaying. It may be another of those things that he broods upon when he returns to the King's Guard.
1720	kevinbgwrites	2012-05-15	I didn't care that he killed him- However the scene was a bit weird(not the dialogue, that was fine). 
A. He didn't need to kill him, could have acted.
B. It seemed like he had no chance of escape, and thus the killing was pointless.
C. The guard charging in was stupid and suicidal.
All in all not bad, but a different jaime and a weird scene.
1721	Lord of Cheese	2012-05-15	In the books, when Cleos get killed, Jamie only wanted to loot his clothes. He also loathed him all along their treck. And Cleos was son Tywins sister. So pretty close. Jamie was a real nasty piece of work before losing his hand, like mentioned above.
But in TV its Alton, who is probably a bit more removed than Cleos. I cant recall what Alton said about his lineage. Its possible that book Jamie would have killed him for his own gain (before losing hand).
Really not sure how close one has to be to count for kinslaying. It cant be too broad across the family tree.
Im more concerned how they are going to get Jamie and Brienne off to KL... i thought they were going to get Alton to be a Cleos. I wonder how many more changes they are going to pull in TV... Not sure if it will work if its just Brienne and Jamie on their treck.
					
					
							Edited by Lord of Cheese, 15 May 2012 - 10:36 AM.
1722	Jayaris	2012-05-15	I didn't care that he killed him- However the scene was a bit weird(not the dialogue, that was fine).A. He didn't need to kill him, could have acted.B. It seemed like he had no chance of escape, and thus the killing was pointless.C. The guard charging in was stupid and suicidal.All in all not bad, but a different jaime and a weird scene. If he acted then what does he do with him? If he lets him escape he is slowing him down if accompanying and risk informing of the escape sooner if he is alone and gets captured.If he leaves him alive but unconscious he wakes up in the morning and is killed to sate Karstarks need for vengeance, this relieves tension in the camp. Making the outcome (in terms of him living or dying) the same and changing what they wanted to happen in the plot (about to be a riot).I get that people think it's out of character, but killimg him is his best shot at escaping and he wants to escape.
1723	Prince Alexander	2012-05-15	Silly scene. I can't imagine book Jaime doing anything like this.
-He tried to kill Bran to save his own children
Aerys and Jory can be justified as well.
Killing a cousin for a stupid/pointless attempt to escape? No way man.
1724	Winterfell is Burning	2012-05-15	Silly scene. I can't imagine book Jaime doing anything like this.-He tried to kill Bran to save his own childrenAerys and Jory can be justified as well.Killing a cousin for a stupid/pointless attempt to escape? No way man.A very distant relation. And as was pointed out, he was willing to kill Arya just because Cersei asked, or at least seriously considering it.  It's 100% in character.
1725	Mulled Wino	2012-05-15	the notion of this act being something too reprehensible for even Jamie Lannister amuses me to no end.
1726	Mulled Wino	2012-05-15	Silly scene. I can't imagine book Jaime doing anything like this.-He tried to kill Bran to save his own childrenAerys and Jory can be justified as well.Killing a cousin for a stupid/pointless attempt to escape? No way man.really?  to escape sitting in your own flith and likely death or torture? jamie hardly knows this kid.and lets not act like jamie cares so deeply for his freakin kids...he killed bran to protect his SISTER.  have you read the books?how is slaughtering stark's men justifiable and this isn't?  hilarious
1727	David Selig	2012-05-15	the notion of this act being something too reprehensible for even Jamie Lannister amuses me to no end. Me too. We are talking about a guy who's completely fine with killing children and never for a second felt guilty for the major part he played in starting a massive war, even after his "redemption". Yet killing a distant cousin he barely knows is supposed to be "too much".
1728	Mulled Wino	2012-05-15	Me too. We are talking about a guy who's completely fine with killing children and never for a second felt guilty for the major part he played in starting a massive war, even after his "redemption". Yet killing a distant cousin he barely knows is supposed to be "too much".If anything, killing another prisoner to get out of prison should be argued as less morally bankrupt than pushing a child out of a window to coverup incest with your sister
1729	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	The difference is that killing Bran was to protect Cersei, to kill Cleo he was just trying to escape captivity, captivity which he believed would eventually end
1730	Ser Giant	2012-05-15	I think most are stupified by the sheer amount of times he smashed the kid's face, 2 or 3 would have been sufficient for a fighter of the kin/kingslayer's supposed fighting skills.
He hit him like 10-11 times or some crazy, psychotic shit like that.
1731	Mulled Wino	2012-05-15	Jaime's redemption worked, for me, because even though his actions were immoral and against what the code of the era said he should do, they were consistent and relatively justifiable but never wanton or cruel. This seems a step into a different kind of evil. With the pre-killing bonding the whole thing felt very cheap and manipulative and i don't see how this character can fit into a the redemption arc. There's nothing to be misunderstood here.The other thing i'm less keen on is that now Rickard's demands for jaime's head are justified. Before there was the whole unreasonable nature of the demand for something done during battle, now it looks like they're going to skip the need for Robb to make a difficult decision.wow......................................................................
1732	Mulled Wino	2012-05-15	The difference is that killing Bran was to protect Cersei, to kill Cleo he was just trying to escape captivity, captivity which he believed would eventually endobviously he wasn't enjoying the captivity.he killed a CHILD, so what if it was to protect cesei, that was his SISTER, that he was FUCKING. and as was brought up earlier, had not even a small tinge of remorse which means he's a psychopath.
1733	Bride of Winter	2012-05-15	I don't like the excuse that this is for the redemption arc. his 'redemption arc' in the book was effective partially because you're seeing him through his point of view, and know he's feeling remorse. if the show viewers see him getting along with brienne, giving brienne the sword and telling her to find sansa, and settling the seige on Riverrun somewhat civilly, they're not going to stop and think "wow what a complete 180!"
without seeing things through his POV, recognizing his change on the show would have been nearly impossible before, and that's with Bran and Jory and everything. watching him kill a kid for shits and giggles isn't going to emphasize his arc. it's just going to make it even more pointless.
					
					
							Edited by Bride of Winter, 15 May 2012 - 03:33 PM.
1734	mcb	2012-05-15	really?  to escape sitting in your own flith and likely death or torture? jamie hardly knows this kid.What likely death? What likely torture? They weren't out for his blood until after he had killed his cousin and Lord Karstark's son. It would be more dangerous for him to successfully escape than to simply remain in his cage.
1735	imladolen	2012-05-15	Shoving Bran out the window was a pretty horrible thing. People may rationalize it, using his "the things I do for love" quote as a sign he did it for Cersei, but we don't really know what he was thinking at the time.What Jaime did pushing Bran out the window did more than just protect him and Cersei; it protected the lives of his three children.I'm sorry, but anyone who wouldn't do anything to protect the lives of their 3 children and the kids' mother, even if it meant killing another man's child doesn't truly love their children. I would even say that person does not deserve having children if they would let their own kids die for the sake of one child of another person. Blood comes first.I don't have a kid myself, but I have a precious 6 year old niece. If saving her life meant I had to kill another kid, you better well damned believe that other kid is a goner. Sorry, but my blood, those I love, comes WAY before anyone else.It is beyond doubt that if Bran had told Ned and later King Robert about what he had seen in the tower, it would have meant five lives lost (Tommen, Myrcella, Joffrey, Cersei and yes Jaime). Is Bran's life any more valuable than Myrcella's or Tommen's? No, it isn't. All life is valuable and equal, but two lives (let alone 5) is more valuable than one.
					
					
							Edited by imlad, 15 May 2012 - 07:15 PM.
1736	Ser Elfor the Landstander	2012-05-15	What Jaime did pushing Bran out the window did more than just protect him and Cersei; it protected the lives of his three children.I'm sorry, but anyone who wouldn't do anything to protect the lives of their 3 children and the kids' mother, even if it meant killing another man's child doesn't truly love their children. I would even say that person does not deserve having children if they would let their own kids die for the sake of one child of another person. Blood comes first.I don't have a kid myself, but I have a precious 6 year old niece. If saving her life meant I had to kill another kid, you better well damned believe that other kid is a goner. Sorry, but my blood, those I love, comes WAY before anyone else.It is beyond doubt that if Bran had told Ned and later King Robert about what he had seen in the tower, it would have meant five lives lost (Tommen, Myrcella, Joffrey, Cersei and yes Jaime). Is Bran's life any more valuable than Myrcella's or Tommen's? No, it isn't. All life is valuable and equal, but two lives (let alone 5) is more valuable than one.I don't have a kid either, so it's hard for me to imagine that situation. But I do have a problem with putting values in people's lives.For example, why should a kinslayer be treated differently than a "normal" murderer? Just because the victim is related to the murderer, their death is more meaningful for some reason. Murder is already the worst thing a person can do, everything else is just excess. I know this has little to do with your post, but it got me thinking.On a related note, I'm not sure I'd kill to save my loved ones. I would gladly die for them, but taking someone else's life is a line I can't cross. Of course, this is an entirely personal matter. And highly speculative. Who knows what the future might bring.
1737	teemo	2012-05-15	Well, Jaime can be very cruel and brutal, but...  I can't imagine him having a long, sweet conversation with a family member that idolizes him and then brutally murder him.  Especially when Jaime isn't even getting anything out of it.  I don't get it.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 15 May 2012 - 08:46 PM.
1738	Darth Pipes	2012-05-15	I don't think Jaime before he lost his hand was above kinslaying.  I can see him doing it if it was to protect Cersei for instance.  This is a guy who pushed a child out a window and admitted to Ilyn Payne that if he had gotten to Arya Stark after the direwolf incident, he would have killed her.  I don't think Jaime is above this kind of action if he could justify it.  He wanted to escape and get back to Cersei.  I do agree the brutality was over-the-top.
1739	wolverine	2012-05-15	What Jaime did pushing Bran out the window did more than just protect him and Cersei; it protected the lives of his three children.I'm sorry, but anyone who wouldn't do anything to protect the lives of their 3 children and the kids' mother, even if it meant killing another man's child doesn't truly love their children. I would even say that person does not deserve having children if they would let their own kids die for the sake of one child of another person. Blood comes first.I don't have a kid myself, but I have a precious 6 year old niece. If saving her life meant I had to kill another kid, you better well damned believe that other kid is a goner. Sorry, but my blood, those I love, comes WAY before anyone else.It is beyond doubt that if Bran had told Ned and later King Robert about what he had seen in the tower, it would have meant five lives lost (Tommen, Myrcella, Joffrey, Cersei and yes Jaime). Is Bran's life any more valuable than Myrcella's or Tommen's? No, it isn't. All life is valuable and equal, but two lives (let alone 5) is more valuable than one.You are fucking scary.  To so casually talk about killing children to protect others is frightening.  It is not like the headsman axe was falling on these 5 peoples heads if he did not shove Bran out the window.  This is a completely hypothetical situation, but I would be a little scared to be around you if you think it would be so easy to kill a child because it MIGHT save the life of a child you care more about.You see the bolded word there?  He shoved a kid out a window because he might have told his father what he saw.  Bran was like 8 in the books they could have potentially lied to him in the books or done something other than kill him.  They could have lied to everyone else about what Bran thought he saw.  No one there had any reason to suspect them of incest at that point, why would they believe an 8 year old boy, if he could not be frightened or fooled into silence?ETA:  You don't truly love your children if you are not willing to kill other children.  That is some sick logic.  Do you realize you also contradict yourself?  You say blood comes first and someone doesn't deserve to have children if they won't kill other children, then you finish up by saying all life is valuable and equal?
					
					
							Edited by wolverine, 15 May 2012 - 11:09 PM.
1740	Alboin	2012-05-16	The guy was sitting chained in his own piss and shit for what? Months, at least weeks (I know there are ppl here who will tell us how much time it was by minute)... He could loose a lot of moral obligations by that time, if he had any. He was acting brutal not like in the middle of a good day on his terrase in Lannisport, but at the deepest bottom of desperatiom. I'm not sayiing this gives him an excuse, I'm saying that is why he was acting like that.
					
					
							Edited by Alboin, 16 May 2012 - 04:35 AM.
1741	mcb	2012-05-16	What Jaime did pushing Bran out the window did more than just protect him and Cersei; it protected the lives of his three children.By his own admission, he couldn't care less for their children.
1742	Gryz the BlackSmith	2012-05-16	The sad thing about a scene like this one is that it actually tells me that nothing matters.
When reading the books, we pay attention to the smallest details. So we can understand the story. But also to try to understand the characters. Where is each one on the scale from good to evil ? What can we expect from a character in the future ? Do I like him or her, or not ? As the books are so big, and have so much detail, and took so many years to write, I thought that everything had meaning.
And now suddenly we learn that the details don't matter. Consistency doesn't matter. The characters are changed, just like that. Some characters suddenly seem friendlier, others become evil. The whole struggle of Jaime (he pushed Bran early on, but since then, we learn he's actually not that bad) suddenly changes to "he's a full-on bastard after all". And as GRRM is involved in the tv-series, I feel like he's telling me: "you're a dumbass paying so much attention to detail, and investing emotionally into my fake characters".
Just like Tywin. He was one of my favorite characters in tv-series season 1. While reading the books I always had some respect for him. As the tough but just leader of one of the great houses. The fact he died with a whore in his bed ruined a lot for me. But what's happening in the tv-series now in Harrenhal really destroys the image I had of him. How can he be so stupid to not realize who Arya is ?
I watched the season-1 tv-series first. Then I read all the books. Now I'm thinking maybe I shouldn't watch the tv-series anymore.
					
					
							Edited by Gryz, 16 May 2012 - 05:28 AM.
1743	mcb	2012-05-16	And now suddenly we learn that the details don't matter. Consistency doesn't matter. The characters are changed, just like that. Some characters suddenly seem friendlier, others become evil. The whole struggle of Jaime (he pushed Bran early on, but since then, we learn he's actually not that bad) suddenly changes to "he's a full-on bastard after all". And as GRRM is involved in the tv-series, I feel like he's telling me: "you're a dumbass paying so much attention to detail, and investing emotionally into my fake characters".Yes, the show tells a slightly different story than the books. You didn't notice until now?I watched the season-1 tv-series first. Then I read all the books. Now I'm thinking maybe I shouldn't watch the tv-series anymore.It certainly isn't mandatory.
1744	Gryz the BlackSmith	2012-05-16	Yes, the show tells a slightly different story than the books. You didn't notice until now?What do you think ?You didn't understand a word of what I've written.I'm not complaining that the tv-series is different from the books.It's a different medium. Other ways of telling the same story will work better.What I don't like is when some of the base characteristics of the characters are changed. If somebody is complaining that Tywin smiles once in the tv-series, while he never smiles in the books, I don't care. But if Tywin suddenly becomes this friendly dancing singing cheerful character, that tells jokes and gives candy to little kids, then yes, I got a problem with that. Right now, I find the Tywin from the series getting more and more different from the books. And the story about Jaime in the books is that we knew nothing about him in the first book, but after that he actually became a much nicer person. If the tv-series lets Jamie slaughter a few more kids, that whole story-line from the books is going to be much less believable.
1745	theMountainGoat	2012-05-16	I know there are ppl here who will tell us how much time it was by minute191 days x 24 x 60 = 275040 minutesApproximately.
1746	mcb	2012-05-16	What do you think ?You didn't understand a word of what I've written.I'm not complaining that the tv-series is different from the books.It's a different medium. Other ways of telling the same story will work better.What I don't like is when some of the base characteristics of the characters are changed.As I wrote: "the show tells a slightly different story than the books". By which I meant: "the show tells a slightly different story than the books". And yes, the characters, too, are slightly different from their counterparts in the books: Dany, Cersei, Tywin, Jaime, Robb, Jon, Shae... I'm amazed it took you this long to notice.
1747	Darth Pipes	2012-05-16	I know this line was in the show but didn't Book Jaime once boost to Cersei that he would kill everyone until he and his sister were the only two left alive in the world?
1748	Ser Giant	2012-05-16	That's gonna take awhile if he smashs all their faces 10 times. How many people live in this awesome world GRRM created? That's a lot of face smashs, I think a golden hand may be required!
1749	Mulled Wino	2012-05-16	What likely death? What likely torture? They weren't out for his blood until after he had killed his cousin and Lord Karstark's son. It would be more dangerous for him to successfully escape than to simply remain in his cage.Maybe I just dreamed it, but didn't jamie himself say that he is a bad prisoner?  He no longer wanted to be a prisoner? you don't think maybe jamie was worried that something in the war could happen that might cause his death or torture that he had no control over?  that tend to happen in wars
1750	Mulled Wino	2012-05-16	What Jaime did pushing Bran out the window did more than just protect him and Cersei; it protected the lives of his three children.I'm sorry, but anyone who wouldn't do anything to protect the lives of their 3 children and the kids' mother, even if it meant killing another man's child doesn't truly love their children. I would even say that person does not deserve having children if they would let their own kids die for the sake of one child of another person. Blood comes first.I don't have a kid myself, but I have a precious 6 year old niece. If saving her life meant I had to kill another kid, you better well damned believe that other kid is a goner. Sorry, but my blood, those I love, comes WAY before anyone else.It is beyond doubt that if Bran had told Ned and later King Robert about what he had seen in the tower, it would have meant five lives lost (Tommen, Myrcella, Joffrey, Cersei and yes Jaime). Is Bran's life any more valuable than Myrcella's or Tommen's? No, it isn't. All life is valuable and equal, but two lives (let alone 5) is more valuable than one.here's another one that hasn't read the books.  jamie doesn't give a shit about his kids.  so the rest of your post is voidhim not caring about his kids also is a bit sociopathic.
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 16 May 2012 - 10:07 AM.
1751	Stanmore	2012-05-16	I watched the season-1 tv-series first. Then I read all the books. Now I'm thinking maybe I shouldn't watch the tv-series anymore.I'm starting to feel the same way. I realy enjoyed season 1, but the books were so much more interesting, Now i watch season two and find myself enjoying it a lot less and i don't know if it's because i'm being too much of a purist or if it's because the changes the show makes really are worse than whats in the books.I keep watching the show because i've become obsessed with this world Martin has created, but on the other hand the pointless changes like this  are really starting to piss me off.. It's not that it was a bad scene, because it wasn't, it just didn't fit with the view I have of Jaime's character, and i'm worried about the long term effect it's going to have on his arc.
1752	Stanmore	2012-05-16	here's another one that hasn't read the books.  jamie doesn't give a shit about his kids.  so the rest of your post is voidhim not caring about his kids also is a bit sociopathic.He's obviously a sociapath but there are degrees of sociopathy.Gregor Clegane grievously disfigured his younger brother because he was playing with his toy. Are you telling me that if they'd taken that story and moved it to Jaime it wouldn't have changed his character? Just because Jaime has done bad things in the past without much remorse doesn't mean that he's capable of any evil act the show runners wish to write for him.He can't keep killing people for trivial reasons if his redemption arc is to have any chance of working on the show.
					
					
							Edited by Stanmore, 16 May 2012 - 10:27 AM.
1753	mcb	2012-05-16	Maybe I just dreamed it, but didn't jamie himself say that he is a bad prisoner?  He no longer wanted to be a prisoner?Sorry, what? "I don't like it here, so I'll kill my cousin"?It's perfectly OK, even expected, for a prisoner of war to try to escape. It isn't OK, however, to murder a fellow POW just to create a diversion.you don't think maybe jamie was worried that something in the war could happen that might cause his death or torture that he had no control over?  that tend to happen in warsLet's see. Some vague, imaginary danger some time in the future (if ever) versus a dead cousin, for real and right now. Yup, the murder was certainly justified.
1754	Mad Queen	2012-05-16	Both sides of this discussion have great arguments. It's getting harder for me to decide if book Jaime would or not kill a cousin brutally and needlessly like that to escape, though escaping might have called for desperate acts at that point and in those conditions. I haven't made up my mind yet, but I'm still leaning towards he wouldn't. The whole thing feels more like something Gregor Clegane would do. I could also accept the Hound doing that, who isn't a psychopath either, just a very brutal soldier. Jaime killing Arya for Cersei would be no worse than Sandor killing Mycah on Cersei's orders. One loves the queen, the other is a vassal sworn to obey her. All of these people (Jaime, Sandor, Arya) aren't really psychopaths. I think it's one of Martin's points that they turned into killers because of what happened to them, otherwise they would be okay, incest aside. Gregor Clegane, Ramsay Snow and the like, on the other hand, seem to be true psychopaths, unless there is more to their stories than Martin has let us know, of course.
					
					
							Edited by Mad Queen, 16 May 2012 - 05:17 PM.
1755	Mulled Wino	2012-05-16	He's obviously a sociapath but there are degrees of sociopathy.Gregor Clegane grievously disfigured his younger brother because he was playing with his toy. Are you telling me that if they'd taken that story and moved it to Jaime it wouldn't have changed his character? Just because Jaime has done bad things in the past without much remorse doesn't mean that he's capable of any evil act the show runners wish to write for him.He can't keep killing people for trivial reasons if his redemption arc is to have any chance of working on the show.well, it certainly makes it believable, don't see why killing someone to try and escape from prison is such a far stretch.  he doesn't give a shit about his cousin in the books, why would he on the TV show? i dopn't think they have any need for his "redemtion arc" on the tv show, there's plenty other fish to fry.  i think his redemption is more of him becoming a softie because he can't fight anymore.
1756	Mulled Wino	2012-05-16	Sorry, what? "I don't like it here, so I'll kill my cousin"?his cousin he doesn't give a damn about in the book, why are you acting like this is some cherished family member? I think it sounds lets psycho than "I don't want anyone to find out about me screwing my sister, so I'll just kill the boy son of the king's best friend, without even considering other options"It's perfectly OK, even expected, for a prisoner of war to try to escape. It isn't OK, however, to murder a fellow POW just to create a diversion.since when?  i think the rules of killing are somewhat different in westeros.  fact: killing his cousin got him out of prison and on the run.  since when is jamie ever bound to whatever code you derived the theory in the bold from? if he'd kill neds household guard, there's no reason its a big stretch to kill another prisoner for his freedom. Let's see. Some vague, imaginary danger some time in the future (if ever) versus a dead cousin, for real and right now. Yup, the murder was certainly justified.dead cousin he doesn't care about.  he despises being a prisoner, enough to kill another prisoner to escape.  I'm not arguing its justified, im arguing that its not out of character or some gigantic, unfathomable stretch by the show's creators.  if you didn't just jump in on one post, you would see that.
1757	Mulled Wino	2012-05-16	Both sides of this discussion have great arguments. It's getting harder for me to decide if book Jaime would or not kill a cousin brutally and needlessly like that to escape, though escaping might have called for desperate acts at that point and in those conditions. I haven't made up my mind yet, but I'm still leaning towards he wouldn't. The whole thing feels more like something Gregor Clegane would do. I could also accept The Hound doing that, who isn't a psychopath either, just a very brutal soldier. Jaime killing Arya for Cersei would be no worse than Sandor killing Mycah on Cersei's orders. One loves the queen, the other is a vassal sworn to obey her. All of these people (Jaime, Sandor, Arya) aren't really psychopaths. I think it's one of Martin's points that they turned into killers because of what happened to them, otherwise they would be okay, incest aside. Gregor Clegane, Ramsay Snow and the like, on the other hand, seem to be true psychopaths, unless there is more to their stories than Martin has let us know, of course.its not needlessly, he needed to escape. psychopaths stand out because they lack remorse, lack empathy, and have very shallow emotions.  CLEARLY, by this point in the series, Jamie exhibits those 3 personality traits, those are 3 perfect ways to describe him actually. I don't know if I wrote it in this thread or not, but I love this scene in the context of the TV show.  Jamie is truly someone to be feared on the show IMO and he really drives the point home with this escape.
1758	SerMixalot	2012-05-16	The acts in the book that demonstrate JL viciousness and lack of honor or morals were either to protect others or for self preservation.  Killing Cleo does not meet either of these criteria.
JL's motivations go directly to his character and how is or should be perceived.
killing someone to protect oneself from a threat  is one thing
Killing someone to potentially aid in escape is another.
They just are.  And that is why his killing Cleo is out of character.
As an aside, TV Jamie had no reason pre killing Cleo to think his life was in jeopardy, he was a high valued prisoner.  Even in the book, after his escape, despite being put in the dark dungeon, he was still not directly threatened with death, Robb killed Karstark to prevent that.
So killing Cleo to escape makes even less sense
1759	SerMixalot	2012-05-16	its not needlessly, he needed to escape.psychopaths stand out because they lack remorse, lack empathy, and have very shallow emotions.  CLEARLY, by this point in the series, Jamie exhibits those 3 personality traits, those are 3 perfect ways to describe him actually.I don't know if I wrote it in this thread or not, but I love this scene in the context of the TV show.  Jamie is truly someone to be feared on the show IMO and he really drives the point home with this escape.Actually I think BOOK Jamie is not a psychopath.  If he were how do you explain his killing of the Mad King?  A psycopath wouldnt have cared.
1760	Stanmore	2012-05-16	well, it certainly makes it believable, don't see why killing someone to try and escape from prison is such a far stretch.  he doesn't give a shit about his cousin in the books, why would he on the TV show?i dopn't think they have any need for his "redemtion arc" on the tv show, there's plenty other fish to fry.  i think his redemption is more of him becoming a softie because he can't fight anymore.There's a difference between his disdain for Cleos and his cold blooded murder of Alton. Jaime's Redemption is a major turning point in his character. If the show runners chose to ignore it in favour of carrying on the portrayal of Jaime as cartoon villain then that's their choice, but I'm not going to pretend that it's an improvement to his arc or that it makes him a more complex character.
1761	Mulled Wino	2012-05-16	Actually I think BOOK Jamie is not a psychopath.  If he were how do you explain his killing of the Mad King?  A psycopath wouldnt have cared.he didn't lose sleep over it, just his nickname that it unfairly earned him.not feeling remorse is more of a sociopathic display than the act of killing.
1762	David Selig	2012-05-16	The acts in the book that demonstrate JL viciousness and lack of honor or morals were either to protect others or for self preservation. What about when he was searching for Arya on the Trident after Nymeria bit Joffrey, intending to kill or at least maim her? Who was he protecting with this? How about the killing of Ned's guards in KL? Who was this action meant to protect? If anything, it endangered Tyrion more.
1763	Mulled Wino	2012-05-16	The acts in the book that demonstrate JL viciousness and lack of honor or morals were either to protect others or for self preservation.  Killing Cleo does not meet either of these criteria.so how does the killing of ned's household guard fit into this then?  the altercation was already over and there was no threat to jamie or "others"JL's motivations go directly to his character and how is or should be perceived.right, his only motivations are killing an opponent and carrying on his love affair with his twin sister. so he was doing neither in the cell.......and please remind me when in GOT or ACoK that we get any iota of an indication that Jamie Lannister gives two shits about anything other than himself and HIS comforts.  which is an even better argument as to why hew would kill "cousin cletus"killing someone to protect oneself from a threat  is one thingKilling someone to potentially aid in escape is another.They just are.  And that is why his killing Cleo is out of character.doesn't mean that it's a big jump to go from one type of killing to another...i mean from everything I read about killing it seems that it gets easier and easier as you kill more.  especially for someone who has ZERO REMORSEAs an aside, TV Jamie had no reason pre killing Cleo to think his life was in jeopardy, he was a high valued prisoner.  Even in the book, after his escape, despite being put in the dark dungeon, he was still not directly threatened with death, Robb killed Karstark to prevent that.perhaps, but jamie also thought cat was going to kill him, remember him thinking the wine was poisoned?So killing Cleo to escape makes even less senseit doesn't make sense maybe maybe maybe if we were talking about 1 handed jamie, certainly does make sense for CoK Jamie
1764	Mulled Wino	2012-05-16	There's a difference between his disdain for Cleos and his cold blooded murder of Alton. Jaime's Redemption is a major turning point in his character. If the show runners chose to ignore it in favour of carrying on the portrayal of Jaime as cartoon villain then that's their choice, but I'm not going to pretend that it's an improvement to his arc or that it makes him a more complex character.as soon as someone presents an instance of jamie caring about anyone but himself in the first two books, this argument about it being against jamie's character might formulate into making some sense.and besides, i don't even see how this one event completely blows his chance for a redemption arc?  that's even more laughable than saying this killing of alton is an unbelievable stretch for jamie's character
1765	zippypoodle	2012-05-16	Yes. He never did anything close to that bad in the books. Also, the fact that he didn't even seem shaken by it makes him seem like a complete sociopath. The book Jaime was at least capable of feeling guilt.Yes, but he really didn't exercise that capability until after the hand-chop. He killed Aerys, and got spit on for it by people like the ever-so-noble Ned Stark. At that point, he pretty much decided "fuck everyone, I'm doing what I want since you hate me anyway".  So he threw himself into being the best fighter ever and into Cersei because she was essentially the female version of himself.  Only after he lost his hand and therefore his reason for existing post-Aerys-killing was he forced to reevalute. He didn't so much fall out of love with Cersei as he did fall out of love with himself--which meant he no longer wanted the female version of himself.
1766	zippypoodle	2012-05-16	So killing Cleo to escape makes even less senseCleoS. If you're going to be stubborn and refuse to just call him Alton, at least get the book name right. Cleos.
1767	Maggie the Cat	2012-05-16	I've read the books and i seriously couldn't find ANY redemption in Jaime until his journey with Brienne. I find his actions in this episode completely in keeping with my impression until said time spent with Brienne, which i believe is actually in ASoS. Keep in mind that having read the books through to aDwD we now know much more about Jaime and his character and motivations. But at this point in aCoK we didn't. Sometimes it's hard to reconcile that
1768	Iotun	2012-05-16	The below is a copy of what I said in the other thread on the exact same subject:
I generally don't complain, and don't mind the changes at all, even welcome them. I think in many ways the show is surpassing the book. But I disliked this move a lot - not just because it moves Jaime away from the character of the books, and makes his redemption more difficult to accept, but also because it moves Jaime away from the character OF THE SHOW as he's been introduced up to now.
Firstly, do I think that Jaime is above kinslaying, in either book or show? No. Tyrion in the books is pretty confident that Jaime will kill Lancel when he returns, and Tyrion as we know is a pretty good judge of character. He makes the same threat to Lancel in the show, and it must be a believable one given that its succesful at intimidating him.
The problem is not that Jaime is above killing family members, but in the way that he killed him. Not just the book, but the SHOW also, has introduced Jaime as a man who is ruthless, and does not mind killing his enemies, but that at the same time he is a man who doesn't play games, and has his own personal sense of honour in that when he kills somebody, he wants it to be a 'clean' death, in a face-to-face battle. This is a man who by his own admission, and as his father successfully judges, in the show, hates the fact that he is being called a kinglsayer for stabbing the mad king "in the back". This is a man who knocks out own of his men for stabbing Ned Stark in the foot and preventing it from being a 'clean' fight. This is the man who by his own admission doesn't want to be part of the game, whom his sister admits to never taking it seriously. This is the man who when Catelyn confronts him about what happened to Bran, comes out and straight tells her that he pushed him off a window because he wanted him to die. Yes he pushes Bran off to his death, but that is an act of the moment because he has to protect the other defining feature of his character - i.e. his love for Cercei.
If we allow ourselves to go to the book, Jaime, when managing to get a sword, is more than willing to fight Brienne with the intend to kill, but refuses to kill her sneakily with his oar, while she is swimming in the river.
I would not mind if he killed his cousin in a scene where, say, he is escaping, and his cousin, terrified, stands in his way, pulls a sword out, and tells him 'Cousin, this is madness!'. But what Jaime does is emotionally manipulate his cousin, play a game with him, lead him to trust him, and then kills him sneakily in an underhanded, completely unfair, and dishonorable way. That is NOT something that the character the SHOW introduced would do. In this regard the show is inconsistent with itself not just the book. What makes it even worse is that there's a thousand different ways that an escape attempt could have been thought of, and a thousand different ways for Jaime to kill his cousin in a more 'clean' way, if that was desirable. But the show went with the method that was the most dishonorable, apparently for shock value, and without much concern for internal consistency.
1769	SerMixalot	2012-05-16	Weird that they would claim Cleo(sic) is a distant relative, it was established that he is the son of the fat lady lannister (and JL makes it clear that is the only fat lannister), and the only fat lannister is Tywins sister, which makes cleo (sic) Jamies cousin.  Certainly not a distant relative, esp. since fat lanniser lives in the west.
Seemed weird that part of the conversation
1770	Colah02	2012-05-16	If Jaime had killed Cleos, it would be kinslaying. But from what I understand, Alton was more distantly related? In which case, he is no more a kinslayer than Robert was for killing Rhaegar IMO.
Regarding whether book Jaime would of done the same in that situation, I think at that point he would of. He seemed to slowly change once he had sworn them vows to Cat (hence why I don't see the situation where he had a chance to kill Brienne as comparable).
1771	protar	2012-05-16	Weird that they would claim Cleo(sic) is a distant relative, it was established that he is the son of the fat lady lannister (and JL makes it clear that is the only fat lannister), and the only fat lannister is Tywins sister, which makes cleo (sic) Jamies cousin.  Certainly not a distant relative, esp. since fat lanniser lives in the west.Seemed weird that part of the conversationWhat I got from that exchange was that Alton wasn't Genna's son as in the books. When Alton defends his mum's weight gain, Jaime's like "no there's only one fat lady lannister" which I took to mean "if you're not certain it's her than she's not fat enough to be fat lady lannister."  I thought it was a subtle nod to book readers that Alton's relationship to Jaime in the show isn't the same as Cleos' relation to Jaime in the books.
1772	SerMixalot	2012-05-16	What I got from that exchange was that Alton wasn't Genna's son as in the books. When Alton defends his mum's weight gain, Jaime's like "no there's only one fat lady lannister" which I took to mean "if you're not certain it's her than she's not fat enough to be fat lady lannister."  I thought it was a subtle nod to book readers that Alton's relationship to Jaime in the show isn't the same as Cleos' relation to Jaime in the books.I'll have to watch again, you may be right.
1773	Sixshells	2012-05-16	I think that, the way he is described, book-Jaime has about the emotional maturity of a teenager while being a 30-something in age, which explains some of his sociopathic tendencies because, let's face it, teens often exhibit such tendencies before maturing. Even his bragging about killing the whole world except him and Cercei has a childish ring to it. Trying to kill Bran had little to do with protecting Cercei and his children, it's something he did because that's what he thought she wanted, not even because he thought it would protect her. Before his "redemption" his children are a non-entity to him, he doesn't see himself as a father nor does Cercei allow him to think himself as that, so he doesn't care what would happen to them nor does he think of protecting them when he pushes Bran down.IMO, his "redemption arc" is less about actual redemption than about for him to grow as a person. He has to suffer consequences of his actions and harsh situations; in AFFC he has to learn to command and take responsibilities, when he has always be under the orders of other people; the people he respected are not there anymore; the circumstances of the death of the father he feared make him doubt his character; the loss of his hand, crippling him, made him question what he was; the loss of Cercei as the anchor of his affection; he grows fatherly concerns about Tommen and the way he is raised, etc. I don't think he will necessarily come out of this personal journey a much better person, but he will probably be more well-rounded, or get increasingly cynical. But even before that, he was not more bad than the next person I would think.Which is why I think it's out of character for book-Jaime to kill Alton in cold blood when he could have done differently to escape. He could have beaten him up, or told him to fake illness and help him overpower the guard. I don't see him killing a member of his family, even extended, so gratuitously and in cold blood, because of the way he was raised. In other circumstances, for example if he were to be between him and the escape in the heat of action, sure. But not if they can do otherwise.I think the only reason the writers killed Alton is because they had settled for the good old "faking illness" way of escaping, and they tried to sex it up and make it look less cheesy by having Jaime actually kill Alton. It certainly adds a shock factor, but it doesn't make the tactic less clichA©, AND it's out of character, both for book Jaime but also the TV version, who is a bit "nicer" to begin with.
1774	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-16	If Jaimie is a kinslayer then so is Robb.Of course he was. Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s why Robb lost his head.
1775	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-16	I think that, the way he is described, book-Jaime has about the emotional maturity of a teenager while being a 30-something in age, which explains some of his sociopathic tendencies because, let's face it, teens often exhibit such tendencies before maturing.Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not so at all.  If a teen is a budding sociopath, then simple â<U+0080><U+009C>maturingâ<U+0080><U+009D> isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t going to fix it. Only dramatic and very serious intervention has any hope of averting their path, and even that hope is a thin one.Good kids donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t turn into budding sociopaths when theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re adolescents, then go back to being decent people again after that.  Being a teenager is no excuse for being a monster. Most teens are sensitive, decent human beings.
1776	Sixshells	2012-05-16	Well, yes, but even good children and teens need to mature to be well-rounded adults, and it's really not uncommon for adults to to be psychologically unhealthy because they were unable to do that, and I think that's the case for Jaime. My point wasn't that teens turn into budding sociopaths, but rather that some traits not uncommon in the young would be associated with anti-social behaviour in adults, like egocentrism, lack of empathy or responsibility, which is normal because children and teens are still in the process of being socialised. The fact that Jaime shows such a degree of immaturity shows he is indeed psychologicaly imbalanced, but the fact that he can begin to work on that and seems able to experience some remorse points to him not being a full-blown psychopath and his condition being more linked to the fact he didn't get the opportunity to develop before.
I would also question the notion that he is a monster. He is not a good person, particularly pre-redemption, and even after that. But he is no Gregor Clegane, Amory Lorch, Vargo Hoat or Ramsay Bolton.
1777	icspotz	2012-05-17	Clearly Jaime is irredeemable after tossing Bran but imo it was unnecessary to resort to kinslaying to further establish his amorality especially with the emphasis on kinslaying being worse than kingslaying and familial ties being so important in this culture. Martin is at the height of his craft in presenting conflicted characters motivated by their background and personal experience. What separates GRRM's from that of other writers of the genre is the finely nuanced characters who are not defined as purely good or evil but share both components. It is more difficult to show the opposite side of Jamie as he begins to transition emotionally post amputation by having him yet again commit a heinous crime taking him further away from the character the author meant to portray. This somewhat damages his future dynamic with Brienne and Cersi as he begins to regret his actions which I hope is not altered by the HBO series. In contrast the added scene of Joffery and the prostitutes showing him as an utter psychopath is more in tune with his character.
1778	imladolen	2012-05-17	I don't think a distant cousin counts as kin when it comes to the kinslaying taboo. I don't think killing a distant relative to escape is out of character for Jaime from the books at all, he's a ruthless and callous man. Why not? Remember how Jamie killed Jory and the other two Stark men just to send a message to Ned? He is ruthless and killing is no big deal for him at all. He was also out searching for Arya at the Trident with the intent to kill or maim her.If Jaime killing Alton made him a kinslayer, then Robert Baratheon was one too when he killed Rhaegar at The Trident.Robert and Rhaegar were second cousins, and it sure seems like that is about as closely related (at best) that Jaime and Alton were.
					
					
							Edited by imlad, 17 May 2012 - 11:24 AM.
1779	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-17	Alton may have been the lowest of the Lannisters, but he was still one of them.
/paraphrasingtywin
					
					
							Edited by Lord Ashford, 17 May 2012 - 11:21 AM.
1780	7V3N	2012-05-17	The writers are building up the change around Brienne and (hopefully) the loss of his sword hand. They are probably going to make the "good" Jaime a lot better than he really is.
1781	mcb	2012-05-17	If Jaime killing Alton made him a kinslayer, then Robert Baratheon was one too when he killed Rhaegar at The Trident.I think cold blooded murder and a regular battle are treated a little bit differently.
1782	Ser Giant	2012-05-17	Maybe it was a fun little bout of Smash Faces, a Lannister's fav game. Jamie's just a sore winner.
We see Tyrion playing and beating Joffry at it all the time.
1783	imladolen	2012-05-17	You are fucking scary. To so casually talk about killing children to protect others is frightening. It is not like the headsman axe was falling on these 5 peoples heads if he did not shove Bran out the window. This is a completely hypothetical situation, but I would be a little scared to be around you if you think it would be so easy to kill a child because it MIGHT save the life of a child you care more about. You see the bolded word there? He shoved a kid out a window because he might have told his father what he saw. Bran was like 8 in the books they could have potentially lied to him in the books or done something other than kill him. They could have lied to everyone else about what Bran thought he saw. No one there had any reason to suspect them of incest at that point, why would they believe an 8 year old boy, if he could not be frightened or fooled into silence? ETA: You don't truly love your children if you are not willing to kill other children. That is some sick logic. Do you realize you also contradict yourself? You say blood comes first and someone doesn't deserve to have children if they won't kill other children, then you finish up by saying all life is valuable and equal?You're really twisting my statement up a lot dude.I'm talking about a situation where it is literally some other random kid's life or that of mine (or my niece). If there were to cars driving out of control, one about to hit my kid and another about to hit the neighbor's kid, sorry neighbor, but my kid comes first. I'm talking about situations where you have no other choices than let your own family member die and not take another person's life, or save your family member and cause the loss of life of the other person. I am NOT AT ALL TALKING ABOUT "MIGHT" or "COULD" possibilities.Sheesh, the way some people just want to screw with what others say. Where do you work, Fox News?
1784	Currawong	2012-05-17	Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not so at all. If a teen is a budding sociopath, then simple â<U+0080><U+009C>maturingâ<U+0080><U+009D> isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t going to fix it. Only dramatic and very serious intervention has any hope of averting their path, and even that hope is a thin one. Good kids donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t turn into budding sociopaths when theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re adolescents, then go back to being decent people again after that. Being a teenager is no excuse for being a monster. Most teens are sensitive, decent human beings.If Jaime was really a sociopath who had no feelings, enjoyed killing and watching people being killed, he would surely have enjoyed Aerys's madness and various klling sprees.  I thought that was one of the points about young Jaime in both books and TV series - that he hated standing by as a KG member and watching Aerys's brutality.  He was only 15 when he joined the KG (the youngest ever member), so watching all that must have had a very deep effect on him. It's clear that he was affected by it, see Season 1.  I don't agree with the Jaime-killing-Alton script change, for the reasons that I and many other people have given, but the writers obviously made a decision about his escape for the purposes of the series, so it will be up to them to show Jaime's subsequent journey in both physical and psychological terms across two long books (3 TV series?) in a way that is believable to viewers and which will - many of us sincerlely hope - give us a pretty good version of Book Jaime in the longer term.  .  Jaime as "the man you love to hate" is such a great character, and he is being portrayed wonderfully so far by Nikolaj Coster-Waldau.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 17 May 2012 - 05:44 PM.
1785	imladolen	2012-05-17	By his own admission, he couldn't care less for their children.Can you find that quote? Is it something Jaime actually says to someone, or is it from his internal thoughts? I don't particularily recall that (though I've seen it mentioned several times this week) statement, and where it was or the circumstances.If it was something Jaime said to someone, that cannot be taken for gospel on how Jaime actually thinks/feels about them. Jaime doesn't always say what he really thinks, and sometimes he shares a trait with his brother: saying shit he knows will piss people off, just because it will piss them off.
1786	imladolen	2012-05-17	I think cold blooded murder and a regular battle are treated a little bit differently.Weren't some of those who fought in the Blackfyre rebellion labeled by many in Westeros as kinslayers after killing relatives who took the opposite side of the war?ETA: Looked it up, and Brynden Rivers (Bloodraven) was named kinslayer after the battle of Weeping Ridge where he killed his half-brother Daemon Blackfyre and Daemon's twin sons. This was a battle, during a war, and yet Brynden was still called kinslayer. So any argument trying to say battle and war negates the fact you are slaying a relative does not hold water. Thus, Robert Baratheon = Kinslayer IF Jaime Lannister killing Alton = kinslaying.
					
					
							Edited by imlad, 18 May 2012 - 02:59 PM.
1787	Currawong	2012-05-17	Can you find that quote? Is it something Jaime actually says to someone, or is it from his internal thoughts? I don't particularily recall that (though I've seen it mentioned several times this week) statement, and where it was or the circumstances. If it was something Jaime said to someone, that cannot be taken for gospel on how Jaime actually thinks/feels about them. Jaime doesn't always say what he really thinks, and sometimes he shares a trait with his brother: saying shit he knows will piss people off, just because it will piss them off.Others will no doubt post exact quotes, but I don't think Jaime had any real feelings for Joffrey.  There's one of his POV thoughts where he refers to hin as 'just a squirt of seed' or something. We never see him interact with Myrcella (she's been sent to Dorne before he gets back to KL in ASOS), but it does seem he cares for young Tommen.  There's that scene at Tywin's funeral, where Tommen is upset at the corpse and runs outside crying - Jaime rushes out to comfort him and explains very gently to the kid about how to 'go away' inside when you see terrible things.   It's Cersei who's pretty brutal to the poor little kid.  And there's also that lovely little scene in the KG tower where Jaime is dealing with the various individual members.  One of them (forget which one) gets a blast from Jaime about following the King's orders along the lines of (not an exact quote, sorry):   " The king is eight years old.  The duties of the KG are to protect him and that includes protecting him from himself. If the king asks you to saddle his pony, you do it.  If the king asks you to kill his pony, you come to me."   That always makes me smile - Jaime has a great way with words! I think Jaime does care for at least the two younger kids, but of course he's never been allowed by Cersei to show too much affection to them, just be plain "Uncle Jaime in the KG".
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 17 May 2012 - 06:07 PM.
1788	mcb	2012-05-17	Can you find that quote? Is it something Jaime actually says to someone, or is it from his internal thoughts? I don't particularily recall that (though I've seen it mentioned several times this week) statement, and where it was or the circumstances.ASOS, the last Jaime chapter, Jaime's own thoughts: Because Joff was no more to me than a squirt of seed in Cersei's cunt.True, nothing about Myrcella and Tommen.
1789	imladolen	2012-05-18	ASOS, the last Jaime chapter, Jaime's own thoughts: Because Joff was no more to me than a squirt of seed in Cersei's cunt. True, nothing about Myrcella and Tommen.So, we do not know how he feels about the younger two. That changes nothing. Eliminating the threat Bran presented after his witnessing Jaime and Cersei scrumping still saved the life of his sister, who we know Jaime loved (at the time at least). One's sibling (especially a twin) is just as important as one's children, and should indeed come before some other family's kid. Blood comes first.
1790	SerMixalot	2012-05-18	So, we do not know how he feels about the younger two. That changes nothing. Eliminating the threat Bran presented after his witnessing Jaime and Cersei scrumping still saved the life of his sister, who we know Jaime loved (at the time at least). One's sibling (especially a twin) is just as important as one's children, and should indeed come before some other family's kid. Blood comes first.I doubt book Jamie even thinks about the other 2.  When admitting to cat he fathered Joffrey he says something to the effect, "I suppose the other two as well". Indicating complete dismissal of them
1791	Jerritus	2012-05-18	I don't care so much about him actually murdering a kid in cold blood, as I am bothered about the fact that he coulda just whispered to him: "LOL FAKE SEIZURE!"
But no, he just had to smash his face is.
1792	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-18	Given that thanks to Tywin and Joannaâ<U+0080><U+0099>s cousinage, Jaime is his own second cousin, Jaime is likely related to Alton in multiple ways as well.  But being a double fourth cousin (or whatever) still isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t very much at all.But this opens up the way for a great line from Vargo Hoat: â<U+0080><U+009C>Y U kiwl Jon-Boy Alton, Kingthlayer?â<U+0080><U+009D>, right before he demanumits him.
1793	Batman	2012-06-23	It seems like since reading the most recent books people have forgotten who Jaime was before he met Brienne and lost his hand. There was nothing Jaime would not have done for Cersei. If that meant killing a cousin so he could make his escape and return to Cersei then he would.
1794	ServantOnIce	2012-06-23	The books say over and over again that, "Jaime has ___ for honor."  That is evident in both the show and book.  Look at his scene with Lord Eddard Stark,  tell me what is "not wantonly cruel" about this. http://youtu.be/96MlEbyBbG4
1795	Burt Clegane	2012-06-25	Jaime is a prisoner. He'll do anything to escape. Seems legit to me. We know this man has sh*t for honour at this point in the books and in the show. He tried to murder Bran Stark, killed Ned's men and would have likely maimed Arya. 
The argument that 'he knew he was a valuable hostage and therefore safe' doesn't hold much water for me. It's cold, he's trapped in a cell and he's covered in shit. He is getting weaker by the day and people like Lord Karstark want him dead. He's hardly "safe."
1796	Masamune	2012-07-21	I don't care so much about him actually murdering a kid in cold blood, as I am bothered about the fact that he coulda just whispered to him: "LOL FAKE SEIZURE!"But no, he just had to smash his face is.Exactly. People seem to constantly overlook this point.Jaime's book crimes are morally questionable but they were never gratuitous. The scene with Alton makes Jaime out to be some kind of cold-blooded sociopath (and according to the commentary, that's exactly what the writers think of him), because HBO need to sensationalize everything. I think they've almost single-handedly ruined his redemption arc now.
					
					
							Edited by Masamune, 21 July 2012 - 05:59 AM.
1797	Masamune	2012-08-03	Btw, you would've thought Catelyn would've mentioned the kinslaying when she was chewing Jaime out. 
Of course not, because HBO want to change what they can for kicks and to hell with the consequences.
					
					
							Edited by Masamune, 03 August 2012 - 08:09 AM.
1798	Rolex Baratheon	2012-08-03	This scene was an idiotic move by the writers.Jaime, even when he was an arrogant airhead, always had regard for his family. His father, his sister (unlike her, he truly loved her), Tyrion (biggest example of this regard since others looked down upon Tyrion). He would never kill a Lannister kid, especially just to have a vain attempt at escaping a camp full of thousands of Northmen.And if the Alton kid truly was Cleos Frey, that just makes the scene even more stupid seeing as Alton is a first cousin to Jaime in this case and a son of his aunt Genna Lannister. Jaime was really close to Genna Lannister, who also happens to be Tywin Fucking Lannister's sister.Bad move, fellows.
1799	Masamune	2012-08-03	Nah, he's not Genna's son. They more or less lampshade the fact he's not when he and Jaime first meet.
Still a betrayal of a scene that shows how HBO are getting these characters ass-backwards (Robb, Jon, Cersei, Brienne, Jaime...)
1800	Volantis	2012-10-19	I think it was done to enphisize his redemption in later seasons. And in his deffence, i would do the same thing.Yes, if you could
1801	Volantis	2012-10-19	What about when he was searching for Arya on the Trident after Nymeria bit Joffrey, intending to kill or at least maim her? Who was he protecting with this?How about the killing of Ned's guards in KL? Who was this action meant to protect? If anything, it endangered Tyrion more.In the books he didn't kill Jory
1802	mcb	2012-10-19	In the books he didn't kill JoryYes, he had him killed. Why is that detail important?
1803	Grey_Wind	2012-05-15	What if D&D were to switch things up in the series and have Tywin reveal to Arya the he knows who she is. Slightly unrealistic, but hear me out.
We know that Jamie will be released by Catelyn Stark at some and it's been hinted that it will be this season, we also know that Tywin has spies within the northern ranks, so it's likely that when Jamie escapes, word will get back to him at Harrenhall. Once this has been revealed it is possible that out of a sense of honour Tywin will reveal to Arya he knows who she is and let her escape the castle quietly and peacefully.
Tywins a smart man and he knows enough about his cup barer to put two in two together, he knows she fled Kings Landing by posing as boy with the nights watch recruits, knows she is well educated, a Northerner and strongly suspects her to be highborn, he is also aware of the love she holds for her father who passed away. So it is possible that he either suspects or has deduced that she is a Stark.
It's true that he thinks both Stark girls are in Kings Landing, but it's unlikely that he wouldnt rule out the possibility however small, he is very interested in Arya and this could be the reason why, it's not as if she is going anywhere, she is as much a prisoner as a servant as she would be a highborn hostage.
It's also been noted by several forum members that in an upcoming scene with Arya and Tywin, he does something that changes her mind on him, now we know they have had a few chats so far and Arya still wants to stick a knife through the back of his throat, so it's still to come.
Personally I think it would be a great inclusion, lets be honest the producers have no qualms about changing aspects of the storyline, just look at Theons, their motto seems to be that as long as the end point is the same, changes can be made to better tell a story. If released Arya would still be out in the Riverlands and free to go through the Hell of ASOS, granted we wouldn't get so see her slitting a guards throat, but it's a price Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m willing to pay.
So.....thoughts? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1804	Mulled Wino	2012-05-15	NO WAY Tywin would ever ever ever let Arya Stark go. 
No offense, but I hate it, hate it.  Goes against everything Tywin is about
1805	Sarnius	2012-05-15	No. This is Twyin we're talking about. A guy who tricked his king, ravaged the city and purposefully murdered two innocent children.
He doesn't give two shits for honour.
1806	Pellaeon	2012-05-15	He wouldn't just let her go, she is a usefull pawn for him
1807	sarah.jenice	2012-05-15	NO WAY Tywin would ever ever ever let Arya Stark go.No offense, but I hate it, hate it.  Goes against everything Tywin is aboutI've got to agree that he would never, ever let Arya Stark go. She is too valuable of a hostage, and while I think he suspects that she is highborn, I do not think he suspects she is a Stark. I could see him figuring out it was her once he returns to King's Landing and discovers that they do not actually have Arya in custody. As far as Tywin knows, Arya is safely in custody in the capital and until he is told otherwise, I think he will just figure she is a noble of a lesser house and probably thinks she won't be escaping from Harrenhal so he doesn't need to take a lesser noble into custody.Perhaps he doesn't address who she is because he rushes out of Harrenhal once he hears that Stannis is on his way to King's Landing. A lesser Northern noble girl wouldn't be a bigger priority than the impending Battle of the Blackwater. I honestly am not sure where they are going with the Arya/Tywin dynamic, but I do not think it will be with him revealing that he knows she is Arya Stark.
1808	Mulled Wino	2012-05-15	I've got to agree that he would never, ever let Arya Stark go. She is too valuable of a hostage, and while I think he suspects that she is highborn, I do not think he suspects she is a Stark. I could see him figuring out it was her once he returns to King's Landing and discovers that they do not actually have Arya in custody. As far as Tywin knows, Arya is safely in custody in the capital and until he is told otherwise, I think he will just figure she is a noble of a lesser house and probably thinks she won't be escaping from Harrenhal so he doesn't need to take a lesser noble into custody.Perhaps he doesn't address who she is because he rushes out of Harrenhal once he hears that Stannis is on his way to King's Landing. A lesser Northern noble girl wouldn't be a bigger priority than the impending Battle of the Blackwater.I honestly am not sure where they are going with the Arya/Tywin dynamic, but I do not think it will be with him revealing that he knows she is Arya Stark.I'm pretty sure we're not going to get Weasel soup....which sucks.  That, Jon and the Halfhand getting hunted down by Rattleshirt (and Jon switching sides) AND Tyrion's chain and we basically lost 3 of the best and most TV friendly scenes in the book.
1809	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-05-15	Tywins is probably going to set out for Kings Landing next episode. so I think that he'll leave, Arya escapes, he arrives and hears that Arya is missing and  realizes she was right under his nose.
1810	Pellaeon	2012-05-15	I could see him figuring out it was her once he returns to King's Landing and discovers that they do not actually have Arya in custody. As far as Tywin knows, Arya is safely in custody in the capital and until he is told otherwise.Imagine what happen when Tywin get aware that he had Arya at Harrenhall, and his reaction /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
1811	Independent George	2012-05-15	Tywins is probably going to set out for Kings Landing next episode. so I think that he'll leave, Arya escapes, he arrives and hears that Arya is missing and  realizes she was right under his nose.I believe E10 includes the aftermath of the Blackwater; Tywin will surely figure it out then. I can't wait for that scene - I see an epic double-facepalm. Of course, he'll also probably blame Tyrion for it.
1812	TheCube	2012-05-15	Tywins a smart man and he knows enough about his cup barer to put two in two together, he knows she fled Kings Landing by posing as boy with the nights watch recruits, knows she is well educated, a Northerner and strongly suspects her to be highborn, he is also aware of the love she holds for her father who passed away. So it is possible that he either suspects or has deduced that she is a Stark.It's possible, but I think it's likely (given that he's been led to believe Cersei has both girls) that he will return to Kings Landing and have a major face palm moment when he realises who his cup bearer was.
1813	jarl the climber	2012-05-15	Tywin and most of his men will leave next episode but he might leave instructions about his favorite cup bearer, keep her there and keep her safe.
Littlefinger may or may not have recognized her and may or may not have told Tywin, it really doesn't make a difference, shes pretty much a captive all ready and she ammuses him. It would be safer to leave her with his garrison than bringing her to the battle.
1814	nara	2012-05-15	I think that Tywin will reveal that he knows who Arya is and that will be the impetus for her departure from Harrenhal.  (whether he currently knows her identity is a separate issue, but he will know it at some point.) Things are pretty comfy for her there right now, so there's no real need for her to leave and risk the dangers of the road/starvation. Once she knows that Tywin knows her identity, she'll be too frightened to stay (even if he doesn't have any intention of hurting her).
					
					
							Edited by nara, 15 May 2012 - 03:07 PM.
1815	StarkBlack21	2012-05-15	You know might be interesting and horrifying. If once Tywin gets back to King's Landing and he finds out ARya is gone. Him and Littefinger have a chat, and Littlefinger is the only one who knows Tywin had Arya and lost her at Harrenhal. So Littlefinger tells Tywin, who really knows what Arya looks like, we can just give the Bolton's some young whore from my stable. So now Littelfinger indebts himself to Tywin and that's how they pull off the ruse with fake Arya.
Now that I think about it, maybe that is why D&D wanted Littlefinger in Harrenhal. they maybe wanted Littlefinger to have a lil blackmail/ secret info on Tywin, so only he knows how Tywin sort of messed up, but Littlefinger is also the one who comes up with the solution. This is smart thinking by D&D actually.
					
					
							Edited by StarkBlack21, 15 May 2012 - 03:07 PM.
1816	Pellaeon	2012-05-15	You know might be interesting and horrifying. If once Tywin gets back to King's Landing and he finds out ARya is gone. Him and Littefinger have a chat, and Littlefinger is the only one who knows Tywin had Arya and lost her at Harrenhal. So Littlefinger tells Tywin, who really knows what Arya looks like, we can just give the Bolton's some young whore from my stable. So now Littelfinger indebts himself to Tywin and that's how they pull off the ruse with fake Arya.Now that I think about it, maybe that is why D&D wanted Littlefinger in Harrenhal. they maybe wanted Littlefinger to have a lil blackmail/ secret info on Tywin, so only he knows how Tywin sort of messed up, but Littlefinger is also the one who comes up with the solution. This is smart thinking by D&D actually.If Tywin, TV or book Tywin, would believe or get aware that LF fooled him, LF dead would be so horrifiring that they would write a ballad like the rains of castarmere about it. No negotiation or blackmailing Tywin don't need this
1817	StarkBlack21	2012-05-15	If Tywin, TV or book Tywin, would believe or get aware that LF fooled him, LF dead would be so horrifiring that they would write a ballad like the rains of castarmere about it. No negotiation or blackmailing Tywin don't need thisLet me rephrase. Not blackmail him. But he would come to the solution quickly for Tywin which would endear him to Tywin. Remember in the books Tywin tells Tyrion that he trusts Littlefinger and that he has served house Lannister well. Littlefinger keeping the scret of Tywin losing Arya and then coming up with the idea for fake Arya, would definitely endear himself to Tywin.
					
					
							Edited by StarkBlack21, 15 May 2012 - 03:37 PM.
1818	Pellaeon	2012-05-15	Let me rephrase. Not blackmail him. But he would come to the solution quickly for Tywin which would endear him to Tywin. Remember in the books Tywin tells Tyrion that he trusts Littlefinger and that he has served house Lannister well. Littlefinger keeping the scret of Tywin losing Arya and then coming up with the idea for fake Arya, would definitely endear himself to Tywin.I don't think so, this would make Tywin vulnerable and this is a no go, everybody could come with the fake arya idea, and i the books LF help to broker a alliance between Lannister and Tyrell and didn't fool Tywin this way, Tywin wouldn't forgive such a affront
1819	dreamcatcher	2012-05-15	No. He used her as his taster (if the mutton is poisonous), do you really think he'd let her go??
1820	boojam	2012-05-15	Arya has to pull her trick on Jaqen..... That is too sweet for D&D to give up.
1821	Fylimar	2012-05-15	Even as a person, who likes Tywin and always rushing to his defend, I can't see him giving up a valuable hostage. I agree with some poster here, that he will probably leave for KL and have his personal facepalm moment later. I can see, how LF could help him out - he would probably find the right words, so he wouldn't end up becoming 'Rains of Castamere 2.0'
1822	turdle	2012-05-15	see, this is a prime example of d&d making changes that just don't really work when you stop to think about them. i know everyone loves the tywin/arya dynamic, but it creates a tywin paradox. either tywin knows she is arya stark, or he doesn't. if he does know, why the hell is he letting her run loose around harenhal while her brother continues to whoop his ass time and again on the battlefield. so logically, i have to eliminate that possibility. yet tywin is so smart that he's put together that she's a highborn girl from the north, who's father was killed for "loyalty," who needs to disguise herself as a lowborn boy.  yet tywin's not smart enough to put those bits of data together to figure out who she really is.  how many highborn girls are the lanisters hunting?
1823	dtones520	2012-05-15	I think that Tywin knows who Arya is and somehow she will find out that he knows. Which will then prompt the Weasel soup scene, but it will lead to her escape. The way he talks to her makes me think he has to know who she is. She has the Stark look, she is obviously highborn, he has to know Arya is missing. Heck, I think the fact he made her his cupbearer is because he knew as soon as he saw her. He wanted to keep her close and safe, without her knowing he was on to her.
Tywin Lannister is too clever to be outsmarted by a 13 year old girl, or however old she is in the show.
1824	Rockroi	2012-05-15	I think that Tywin's knowledge of who this high-born girl is is open eneded.  The writers have done such a good job that everything from "Tywin looking over the Blackwater and being told that Arya Stark has been missing, thus leading Tywin to piece together exactly who he was speaking to at Harrenhal that whole time" to "Tywin looks across the Harrenhal courtyard and says to Gregor, "Once I have left make sure you take Arya Stark back to King's Landing" is all in play.  NOTHING would surprise me at this point. 
That's how good the relationship has been done this season.
1825	summer_stark	2012-05-15	yea no way he lets her go -- in fact, theres no way she is "let go" from harrenhall period, imo.  the last episode is called valar morghulis -- granted, some of their episode titles havent done a great job of coinciding w/the material *ghost in harrenhal i'm looking at you* (aside: would've been awesome if hot pie and arya met up in the kitchen or something, and he talked about how people think there's a ghost and then she could leave and smile and say i am the ghost in harrenhall -- i mean really, how much time or money would that have taken?)...
anyway, point: i think she will definitely escape and use hopefully her coin trick to do so.
as much as i love the dynamic, i too am on the fence about the logic of this move -- and as i stated in another thread -- i could see tywin finding out and that being the impetus for her leaving (either before or after tywin leaves) and thats why people will be chasing her.  i am holding out an inkling of hope for weasel soup, but at this point, it's looking pretty bad.  tywin is obv leaving next episode (which although i love the dynamic, i'm happy about b/c it leaves at least a little time for her harrenhall storyline to align w/the books) and when he does, its possible that they could still bring in a large group of northern prisoners -- and with the mountain and his men gone and tywin and his men, weasel soup could still happen -- though it would have to happen fast so she had enough time to be frightened of them enough to leave.  *sigh* the more i think about it the more i doubt it will happen.
rant: of all the things to leave out, weasel soup?!? weasel soup?!? that's the reason jaqen gives her the coin b/c he respects her and thinks she could make a great assassin someday (aww how sweet) -- but in the preview for next episode she distinctly tells jaqen "you have to kill him now" which probably refers to tywin -- b/c tywin is leaving -- which presents a weird problem for the jaqen storyline -- if he agrees, then tywin dies now and doesnt do everything he is supposed to do which doesnt make any sense - and if jaqen refuses, then it goes against his whole you pick a name and the deed will be done thing, which doesnt make sense either.  also, it would mean that weasel soup is very friggin unlikely.  ugh. as much as i love those scenes, i feel like they shouldve had him leave last episode at the latest and had the northern prisoners brought in.
1826	Sxxman	2012-05-15	This is one of the reasons why I'm glad the show deviates from the books at certain parts.  It keeps book readers guessing and creating theories as well as non-book readers.  I don't believe that Tywin knows she's Arya Stark because if he hasn't been told that Arya has escaped from KL, so he has no reason to suspect she's in Harrenhall.  He is slowly piecing together the background of his "cupbearer" but he won't realize who she is until after she's escaped.    I pity those who will feel the wrath of Tywin in episode 10 (Cersei...Tyrion....a random guard).
1827	The Monkey	2012-05-15	yea no way he lets her go -- in fact, theres no way she is "let go" from harrenhall period, imo.  the last episode is called valar morghulis -- granted, some of their episode titles havent done a great job of coinciding w/the material *ghost in harrenhal i'm looking at you* (aside: would've been awesome if hot pie and arya met up in the kitchen or something, and he talked about how people think there's a ghost and then she could leave and smile and say i am the ghost in harrenhall -- i mean really, how much time or money would that have taken?)...anyway, point: i think she will definitely escape and use hopefully her coin trick to do so.as much as i love the dynamic, i too am on the fence about the logic of this move -- and as i stated in another thread -- i could see tywin finding out and that being the impetus for her leaving (either before or after tywin leaves) and thats why people will be chasing her.  i am holding out an inkling of hope for weasel soup, but at this point, it's looking pretty bad.  tywin is obv leaving next episode (which although i love the dynamic, i'm happy about b/c it leaves at least a little time for her harrenhall storyline to align w/the books) and when he does, its possible that they could still bring in a large group of northern prisoners -- and with the mountain and his men gone and tywin and his men, weasel soup could still happen -- though it would have to happen fast so she had enough time to be frightened of them enough to leave.  *sigh* the more i think about it the more i doubt it will happen.rant: of all the things to leave out, weasel soup?!? weasel soup?!? that's the reason jaqen gives her the coin b/c he respects her and thinks she could make a great assassin someday (aww how sweet) -- but in the preview for next episode she distinctly tells jaqen "you have to kill him now" which probably refers to tywin -- b/c tywin is leaving -- which presents a weird problem for the jaqen storyline -- if he agrees, then tywin dies now and doesnt do everything he is supposed to do which doesnt make any sense - and if jaqen refuses, then it goes against his whole you pick a name and the deed will be done thing, which doesnt make sense either.  also, it would mean that weasel soup is very friggin unlikely.  ugh. as much as i love those scenes, i feel like they shouldve had him leave last episode at the latest and had the northern prisoners brought in.Weasel soup could easily happen. And it probably will.I can see it being played out like this:Episode 8: Tywin leaves, possibly telling the Mountain to guard Arya (whether he knows her true identity or not). Soon thereafter, a bunch of northern prisoners arrive in Harrenhal. Arya tells Jaq'en to kill Tywin, but when he says it will take him some time (this is probably what we saw in the preview for next episode), she instead opts to free the prisoners again, through Weasel soup The Mountain manages to escape. Later in the episode, Robb & co are informed of the take-over, and Robb sends down Roose to Harrenhal.Episode 10: Jaq'en gives Arya the coin, changes face, and leaves. Roose arrives, and get Arya to be his cupbearer for her part in the Northern takeover. Soon thereafter, Arya realizes what sort of man Roose is (possibly by threatening/striking her for speaking out of turn, as happened in the novel). She decides to leave with Gendry and Hot Pie and cuts the Bolton guard's throat (I certainly hope they don't cut that last part, I think it's the most character defining moment in her whole story).It can easily fit into two episode, and that's even assuming that episode 9 will only deal with the Battle of the Blackwater.
					
					
							Edited by The Monkey, 15 May 2012 - 06:21 PM.
1828	boojam	2012-05-15	Weasel soup could easily happen. And it probably will.I can see it being played out like this:Episode 8: Tywin leaves, possibly telling the Mountain to guard Arya (whether he knows her true identity or not). Soon thereafter, a bunch of northern prisoners arrive in Harrenhal. Arya tells Jaq'en to kill Tywin, but when he says it will take him some time (this is probably what we saw in the preview for next episode), she instead opts to free the prisoners again, through Weasel soup The Mountain manages to escape. Later in the episode, Robb & co are informed of the take-over, and Robb sends down Roose to Harrenhal.Episode 10: Jaq'en gives Arya the coin, changes face, and leaves. Roose arrives, and get Arya to be his cupbearer for her part in the Northern takeover. Soon thereafter, Arya realizes what sort of man Roose is (possibly by threatening/striking her for speaking out of turn, as happened in the novel). She decides to leave with Gendry and Hot Pie and cuts the Bolton guard's throat (I certainly hope they don't cut that last part, I think it's the most character defining moment in her whole story).It can easily fit into two episode, and that's even assuming that episode 9 will only deal with the Battle of the Blackwater.I think that is a good guess. No time on the show for it, but in the book Jaqen tells Arya that who ever she names, if they are not nearby, will take longer to make a hit, in fact maybe years... tho it would eventually happen.I don't think the Mountain will even be at Harrenhal, Twyin already sent him away. She could even be imprisoned herself , being high born maybe 'house arrest', that would make access to Jaqen easier.Then she pulls the trick on Jaqen and not only is she sprung but she convinces Gendry and Hot Pie too... not before Jaqen has his last talk with her.In the book, Jaqen always knew she was Arya Stark ...interesting...., but then he is a FM ...(which we learn in later books places him in a category of people more unique than anyone in Westeros).
1829	jlk7e	2012-05-15	How loose is Arya running around Harrenhal?  No looser than Sansa is running around King's Landing, I think.
1830	summer_stark	2012-05-15	I think you have a point, Monkey -- although boojam is right, The Mountain is leaving/left already to deal w/bwb -- so that was my thinking for why it was possible -- in the sense that very few people will be left at the castle, so if the mountain or someone else comes back w/northerners, then it could happen. and i agree w/the whole jaqen saying it might take awhile and her saying nevermind -- i thought of that as well -- but still thought it was a bit silly considering that we know that jaqen can move fast -- like 30seconds and done -- fast.  granted, this is tywin not amory, but still.  seems contrived to make an attempt to say she thought about it, but not hard enough to really want it -- which in the context of her being his little buddy might make sense, except that she clearly thinks about killing nearly every episode.  granted in the books she thought about it when it was too late, but the too late thing here makes less sense. 
either way, if that happens and she keeps her 3rd wish for weasel soup, i will be psyched.  and i agree re: her killing the guard is a character defining moment and i hope they leave that intact along with the coin - but since they already killed the ticker for her, i am worried they might sanitize her - though this would be absurd in the context of who she becomes...and i know they let her kill the kid last year, so maybe it will be fine. 
i hope you're right Monkey -- that was essentially how i saw it going down a few episodes ago, but it just seems like a lot to fit in, so i am starting to lose hope. that and the fact that tywin knows she's at least a noble made me worry that that will be the reason she leaves and she uses her 3rd wish for the guard or something totally lame.  i think they wont be that lame though.
1831	Greywolf2375	2012-05-16	I'm pretty sure we're not going to get Weasel soup....which sucks.  That, Jon and the Halfhand getting hunted down by Rattleshirt (and Jon switching sides) AND Tyrion's chain and we basically lost 3 of the best and most TV friendly scenes in the book.That part may not have been lost yet, and I'm really hoping it hasn't been.As far as Tywin releasing his Arya...no.  Well, let me rephrase - not without some really hamfisted way of making it happen.
1832	sarah.jenice	2012-05-16	I'm pretty sure we're not going to get Weasel soup....which sucks.  That, Jon and the Halfhand getting hunted down by Rattleshirt (and Jon switching sides) AND Tyrion's chain and we basically lost 3 of the best and most TV friendly scenes in the book.The Weasel soup is definitely something that I've been wondering about, and the only thing I can come up with is that, with another detour from the books, in the next episode Arya asks Jaquen to kill Tywin for her last wish, and for some reason that I am not sure of (he misses him and has to kill someone in Harrenhal maybe) Jaquen can't do it. With the last episode being called 
	Spoiler Valar Morghulis
 I still feel like the Weasel soup will happen and that episode will wrap Arya's story line and have Jaquen's departure and revelation of who he is. I could see her having to use the Weasel soup/Jaquen's name given trick to help her, Gendry and Hot Pie escape from Harrenhal. Actually I am not sure if she will take Hot Pie, but I'm pretty sure she will take Gendry.On the lack of Tyrion's chain combined with the fact that Davos is leading the ships into Blackwater Bay, there would be absolutely no way Stannis would have been defeated as easily in that battle. We know from Davos's thoughts that he never would have led the men into that trap and without a chain to trap them, I don't see how someone as competent as Davos wouldn't escape. Perhaps they will change the ending and have Davos be the one who sails out of there and picks up Stannis and encourages him to leave and fight another day. We've barely seen Davos so I could see them cutting his time on the island at the beginning of Storm.The stuff with the Halfhand, I have no idea how it will go. We have three episodes so maybe the Halfhand frees Jon in Episode 8 but the other guys are killed, Jon and the Halfhand try to flee but are slowly hunted down, someone freaking figures out Jon is a warg because they actually include Ghost in an episode and show he has the same link to his wolf as Bran, in the season finale they are finally caught again, the Halfhand says, "Is your sword sharp Jon Snow," and commands Jon to change sides, Jon kills Halfhand and joins the Wildlings with a sad look on his face, ending Jon's Season 2 story ark.Anyone think I am close with anything? I am sometimes disappointed in the changes, but for the most part, I am just excited to see where they are taking the story.
					
					
							Edited by sarah.jenice, 16 May 2012 - 08:26 AM.
1833	boojam	2012-05-16	I probably have missed it but has Tywin asked her , her name? I think he has only called her girl.
If he has not and does, I think I know what she will say.
1834	Mulled Wino	2012-05-16	see, this is a prime example of d&d making changes that just don't really work when you stop to think about them. i know everyone loves the tywin/arya dynamic, but it creates a tywin paradox. either tywin knows she is arya stark, or he doesn't. if he does know, why the hell is he letting her run loose around harenhal while her brother continues to whoop his ass time and again on the battlefield. so logically, i have to eliminate that possibility. yet tywin is so smart that he's put together that she's a highborn girl from the north, who's father was killed for "loyalty," who needs to disguise herself as a lowborn boy.  yet tywin's not smart enough to put those bits of data together to figure out who she really is.  how many highborn girls are the lanisters hunting?lets also add, while her brother has HIS SON captive.I completely agree with your post.  This makes tywin look bad, for no reason.at the very least, he'd be asking anyone and everyone if they know who this serving girl is, especially littlefinger when he came to visit.
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 16 May 2012 - 11:14 AM.
1835	Mulled Wino	2012-05-16	The Weasel soup is definitely something that I've been wondering about, and the only thing I can come up with is that, with another detour from the books, in the next episode Arya asks Jaquen to kill Tywin for her last wish, and for some reason that I am not sure of (he misses him and has to kill someone in Harrenhal maybe) Jaquen can't do it. With the last episode being called 
	Spoiler Valar Morghulis
 I still feel like the Weasel soup will happen and that episode will wrap Arya's story line and have Jaquen's departure and revelation of who he is. I could see her having to use the Weasel soup/Jaquen's name given trick to help her, Gendry and Hot Pie escape from Harrenhal. Actually I am not sure if she will take Hot Pie, but I'm pretty sure she will take Gendry.i could see this.  she needs a catalyst that makes her panic real.  maybe roose "gets captured" on his way back up north and tywin or whomever is in charge after he leaves plans to execute all the northmen On the lack of Tyrion's chain combined with the fact that Davos is leading the ships into Blackwater Bay, there would be absolutely no way Stannis would have been defeated as easily in that battle. We know from Davos's thoughts that he never would have led the men into that trap and without a chain to trap them, I don't see how someone as competent as Davos wouldn't escape. Perhaps they will change the ending and have Davos be the one who sails out of there and picks up Stannis and encourages him to leave and fight another day. We've barely seen Davos so I could see them cutting his time on the island at the beginning of Storm.the chain is going to have to be there, regardless of "hokeyness" I presume. but the changes are what kill those 3 scenes for me. The stuff with the Halfhand, I have no idea how it will go. We have three episodes so maybe the Halfhand frees Jon in Episode 8 but the other guys are killed, Jon and the Halfhand try to flee but are slowly hunted down, someone freaking figures out Jon is a warg because they actually include Ghost in an episode and show he has the same link to his wolf as Bran, in the season finale they are finally caught again, the Halfhand says, "Is your sword sharp Jon Snow," and commands Jon to change sides, Jon kills Halfhand and joins the Wildlings with a sad look on his face, ending Jon's Season 2 story ark. This is possible, but we already know the wildlings would make quick and dirty work of the halfhand as soon as they catch him, so I could see it working on TV, but probably would be a bit turned off by it.  That hunt was one of my favorite parts of ACoK.  They're already made Jon Snow look like a dolt for letting her escape and make him lose his brothers and having him beg to go on the mission with Qorin when Qorin requested he go. Ghost?  Who's that?  Never seen him. (dont get me started)Anyone think I am close with anything? I am sometimes disappointed in the changes, but for the most part, I am just excited to see where they are taking the story.i agree with this, i think that everything but the chain is redeemable at this point.  maybe they will find a way, but I'm always a bit defensive immediately after I see the less understandable deviations
1836	summer_stark	2012-05-16	The Weasel soup is definitely something that I've been wondering about, and the only thing I can come up with is that, with another detour from the books, in the next episode Arya asks Jaquen to kill Tywin for her last wish, and for some reason that I am not sure of (he misses him and has to kill someone in Harrenhal maybe) Jaquen can't do it.This has been bothering me too -- jaqen can't refuse on the grounds that tywin is leaving and it has to be someone at harrenhal -- he already said to her that she can choose anyone -- including joffrey -- so that can't be the reason.  the rest of the reasons seem silly -- she wants to see it happen, or he thinks it will take too long (which considering what we've seen him do on the show, doesn't make a lot of sense) so she decides to save it or at the last minute the northerners are caught and she tells him she wants something else from him instead...dunno...but it was an inevitable problem with her as tywin's cupbearer, especially since she is giving him death stares -- which is just silly considering she has jaqen.  doesn't make a lot of sense in the story.  wouldve been better imo to have her like tywin the way he likes her and only hear of bad shit he does after he leaves...
1837	boojam	2012-05-16	This has been bothering me too -- jaqen can't refuse on the grounds that tywin is leaving and it has to be someone at harrenhal -- he already said to her that she can choose anyone -- including joffrey -- so that can't be the reason.  the rest of the reasons seem silly -- she wants to see it happen, or he thinks it will take too long (which considering what we've seen him do on the show, doesn't make a lot of sense) so she decides to save it or at the last minute the northerners are caught and she tells him she wants something else from him instead...dunno...but it was an inevitable problem with her as tywin's cupbearer, especially since she is giving him death stares -- which is just silly considering she has jaqen.  doesn't make a lot of sense in the story.  wouldve been better imo to have her like tywin the way he likes her and only hear of bad shit he does after he leaves...As a man has said, a man cannot refuse.So I don't see how it can be Tywin, we have to have Tywin around for a certain incident with Tryion which just too special for D&d to have not noticed.However, and I am not sure Arya gives this as a reason in the novel, if she could some how be a factor in his tactics, like loosing Harrenhal, that might hurt him more than killing him!So it could , I hope it is, the Weasel Soup scenario, except I am pretty sure D&D will dispose of the whole Roose thing will be disposed of , not enough time left... and she will proceed to the escape with Gendry and Hot Pie.And yeah keeping the killing of the guard is important.
1838	teemo	2012-05-16	Anything they do now though is unrealistic.  They screwed themselves with this Grandpa Tywin and Arya storyline.  If he releases a high-born captive like Arya, he's an idiot.  If he lets her escape with this knowledge, he's an idiot.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 16 May 2012 - 04:04 PM.
1839	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-16	It's not that bad. As far as he knows, Arya is in King's Landing, no?
In addition to that, any suspicions of her being anyone of use at this point will be rendered moot when he learns Stannis is invading, and rushes off in all haste to stop him. Arya will probably escape after.
1840	Artemis	2012-05-16	The Weasel soup is definitely something that I've been wondering about, and the only thing I can come up with is that, with another detour from the books, in the next episode Arya asks Jaquen to kill Tywin for her last wish, and for some reason that I am not sure of (he misses him and has to kill someone in Harrenhal maybe) Jaquen can't do it.See, for me at least, this would be rather unfortunate. One of my favorite book moments was when Arya whispers her third name Jaqen H'ghar.  It was just such a badass moment in the book and one that took me completely by surprise. It also showed me that Arya isn't as rash and impulsive as she is sometimes made out to be...it showed me that she's quite smart if she chose to be and actually THINKS before speaking the last name after she learns her lesson from saying "Weese" as her second.
					
					
							Edited by Artemis, 16 May 2012 - 05:08 PM.
1841	Serr Parker	2012-05-16	My guess is he knows/finds out its Arya but as this happens she escapes the castle, it would be insulting to Tywin's character if he didn't realise it's her
1842	boojam	2012-05-16	It's not that bad. As far as he knows, Arya is in King's Landing, no?In addition to that, any suspicions of her being anyone of use at this point will be rendered moot when he learns Stannis is invading, and rushes off in all haste to stop him. Arya will probably escape after.I notice in the preview for E8 there is no scene of Twyin with Arya (of course they make these damn previews so short it's hard to tell anything)... also he is leaving with that awful Mountain replacement, I thought that guy was supposed to be out bugging farmers? Anyway Twyin looks in a haste. So lord know where this goes.
1843	Raja	2012-05-16	With regards to half hand , my feeling is that they're going to build that up to the last episode . That would make a stellar finale ,  given the way that the  last scene with the  Half hand plays out and its consequences. It will be interesting to see how it plays out , especially given how Jon was left off in the last episode. If they can somehow work that out , and bring the Jon story in line with how it goes in the books by the end of the season. I would think that would be a great last few sequences.
Not sure where they seem to be going with Arya to be frank , as they've been building up the Arya / Tywin relationship for the whole series almost. Which is why I'm curious how it plays out. If they don't have a good / adequate pay off towards the end . I would imagine a lot of non book readers will be very pissed off
					
					
							Edited by Raja, 16 May 2012 - 08:42 PM.
1844	towerofjoy	2012-05-16	I think Tywin will get word that Highgarden will agree to an alliance with the Lannisters. They will all take off for KL. Arya will be left behind like she was when Roose left. The Mountain will arrive at Harrenhal with prisoners. Then the whole soup sequence will happen and Arya's story will close as it did in the books.
Tywin will suspect Arya slipped under his nose after Blackwater when he realizes Cersei doesn't have her. And boy is Daddy going to be cranky!!!
1845	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-17	i am a bit bored with their weekly chat in that chamber. Get out of the castle and change things up. We have seen enough of them in this setting.
1846	boojam	2012-05-17	rant: of all the things to leave out, weasel soup?!? weasel soup?!? that's the reason jaqen gives her the coin b/c he respects her and thinks she could make a great assassin someday (aww how sweet) -- but in the preview for next episode she distinctly tells jaqen "you have to kill him now" which probably refers to tywin -- b/c tywin is leaving -- which presents a weird problem for the jaqen storyline -- if he agrees, then tywin dies now and doesnt do everything he is supposed to do which doesnt make any sense - and if jaqen refuses, then it goes against his whole you pick a name and the deed will be done thing, which doesnt make sense either.  also, it would mean that weasel soup is very friggin unlikely.  ugh. as much as i love those scenes, i feel like they shouldve had him leave last episode at the latest and had the northern prisoners brought in.Here is my guess  the 'him' in that dialog is neither Tywin or The Mountin , this is the Arya trick 'him' as in the book.Tywin and Ser Gregor play such important roles in SoS they have to remain alive.One thing we know , in E7 , from Tryion that Stannis is either four or five days away from KL. This makes the situation at KL absolutely dire. Tywin gets one of these faster than light Ravens telling him this, that knowledge has to take precedence over anything that is going on. He has to assemble his army and leave pronto! I don't know who will be left as castellan of Harrenhal since Ser Amory pushing up daises. It was a skeleton crew anyway, some anonymous guys or maybe Polliver since he is cast and has had a speaking role.I agree with those who say it's likely Tywin knows Arya is not a commoner, but does not know she is Arya. His instructions maybe just to keep an eye on her. If he knows she is Arya he may not want to take her, as of the moment, because things about to get super dangerous.Yes I think that pushes, possibly, Weasel Soup off into E10.If they push Soup and House of the Undying off into E10, then E9+E10 will will be top the season with fireworks!
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 17 May 2012 - 05:08 AM.
1847	gogorath	2012-05-17	boojam,Agree.  I think she goes to Jaqen and says, "I have the third name.  But you have to do it immediately."  And he accedes.  And then she says the name she says in the book - cliffhanger.I do think there's a chance that we love the particulars of Weasel Soup -- the mechanics of how Arya gets where she's going.  I'd prefer not, but if it happens, I hope the replacement is cool.Lastly, I do not think anyone could ever call Tywin stupid or incompetent for letting Arya escape with the help of a supernatural assassin.  In the book, faceless men cost a ridiculous amount of money; expecting his random high born hostage to have that kind of resource in her back pocket is pretty hard to anticipate, no?
1848	summer_stark	2012-05-17	Here is my guess the 'him' in that dialog is neither Tywin or The Mountin , this is the Arya trick 'him' as in the book.
	Spoiler Do you mean jaqen?
  this wouldn't make sense unless northerners were brought in -- what other reason would she have for naming him?
1849	boojam	2012-05-17	boojam,Agree.  I think she goes to Jaqen and says, "I have the third name.  But you have to do it immediately."  And he accedes.  And then she says the name she says in the book - cliffhanger.I do think there's a chance that we love the particulars of Weasel Soup -- the mechanics of how Arya gets where she's going.  I'd prefer not, but if it happens, I hope the replacement is cool.Lastly, I do not think anyone could ever call Tywin stupid or incompetent for letting Arya escape with the help of a supernatural assassin.  In the book, faceless men cost a ridiculous amount of money; expecting his random high born hostage to have that kind of resource in her back pocket is pretty hard to anticipate, no?In the book it's Jaqen who comes to her because he has a deadline to meet and needs a third name.Ever think it odd that one of the few men in Westeros who could afford a FM and a FM are in the same location at the same time?However , as we find out , much later, the FM have a complex code about 'hiring out', they have inscrutable reasons , not always money is involved.I would not call Jaqen a supernatural assassin., even they know so strange magic stuff, seems they are really not even assassins but something beyond that, with an agenda of their own, and maybe party to a strange conspiracy.The only thing we really know about them, if you become one of their targets, kiss your ass goodby.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 17 May 2012 - 07:15 PM.
1850	boojam	2012-05-17	Spoiler Do you mean jaqen?
  this wouldn't make sense unless northerners were brought in -- what other reason would she have for naming him?That's the way it is in the book.How D&D handle the rest of story need not follow the book, as long as a certain, shall we say, kitchen scenario is followed.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 17 May 2012 - 07:19 PM.
1851	summer_stark	2012-05-17	That's the way it is in the book. How D&amp;D handle the rest of story need not follow the book, as long as a certain, shall we say, kitchen scenario is followed.well, unless she did name him, his reasoning for helping is random, especially in light of his earlier talk of 3 deaths no more.  so there needs to be a catalyst for naming him; as well as naming him for the story to really work.  sure they could have gendry and hot pie help, but that doesnt explain what is going on w/her asking jaqen to kill someone now -- and it doesn't explain why he would go on to help her -- since her naming him after he says i cant do it now (if he says that) would just mean he would go and kill whomever she named. so before, when you said that's how she uses her trick, it doesn't explain how she gets his help with weasel soup instead.  maybe we will get it -- and it's one of my favorite acok scenes, so i really hope we do get it, but the way they're setting up her storyline now, i am concerned that we won't get it and she will use her third death in a more conventional way, to kill someone else random or the guard for her escape -- but i seriously hope i'm wrong. weasel soup, giving of the coin, and escaping are my favorite parts of her story in acok, and maybe of that book in general.
					
					
							Edited by summer_stark, 17 May 2012 - 08:01 PM.
1852	boojam	2012-05-17	so before, when you said that's how she uses her trick, it doesn't explain how she gets his help with weasel soup instead.  maybe we will get it -- and it's one of my favorite acok scenes, so i really hope we do get it, but the way they're setting up her storyline now, i am concerned that we won't get it and she will use her third death in a more conventional way, to kill someone else random or the guard for her escape -- but i seriously hope i'm wrong. weasel soup, giving of the coin, and escaping are my favorite parts of her story in acok, and maybe of that book in general.I am guessing you read the book?Arya gets very elaborate with Jaqen, making sure he will accept her request when she pulls the surprise name on him. In fact for a FM he seems surprised that he could be trapped like that. Which is what makes this rather lengthy exchange between Arya and Jaqen so delicious, I hope D&amp;D see it this way too.(I have always thought it was the test Jaqen was looking for , something so unexpected that now he had to give her the coin and tell her what to say and where to go.)(As I have noted, in the book he has known she was Arya Stark , apparently even before they left KL. And he tells her straight out , in that 'trick scene' that he knows who she is. How?... would not be hard for a FM, why, man I have don't have a clue, even by the end of ADwD.)
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 17 May 2012 - 08:40 PM.
1853	boojam	2012-05-17	Has anybody noticed in the exchange with Tywin how enthused Arya is about Visenya Targaryen, Vhagar and Dark Sister?
I wonder if this is more than it seems? Have we found the second head of the dragon?
It has been suggested.
(And nothing is known about the whereabouts of Dark Sister... hmmm.)
							Edited by boojam, 17 May 2012 - 08:45 PM.
1854	summer_stark	2012-05-17	yes, read it a few times.  and as i've said elsewhere, i also think the reason he gives her the coin is because he respects what she does and thinks she has potential.  but first she asks for his help in weasel soup.  he says no--you only get one more death. she says ok and goes into the it can be anyone speech, trapping him, then she names him.  so here, if she doesn't name him, then the coin thing is odd; if she names him instead of naming one other person to kill, it makes no sense.  if she names him to get help escaping, we get the coin but not guard coin trick or weasel soup. 
i've thought arya could be one of the dragon head -- or jon or even a combination of bran and arya.  bran controls, arya rides --that would be my favorite since they're my favorite characters.  but then i feel bad b/c i love the direwolves more than most of the characters, so i feel like if i want them to be heads of the dragon, i am dissing the direwolves.  lol.
1855	boojam	2012-05-17	yes, read it a few times.  and as i've said elsewhere, i also think the reason he gives her the coin is because he respects what she does and thinks she has potential.  but first she asks for his help in weasel soup.  he says no--you only get one more death. she says ok and goes into the it can be anyone speech, trapping him, then she names him.  so here, if she doesn't name him, then the coin thing is odd; if she names him instead of naming one other person to kill, it makes no sense.  if she names him to get help escaping, we get the coin but not guard coin trick or weasel soup. Alas we are trapped since it's George who wrote the sequence and Arya named him(in the book) and no one else, after making sure he would honor the request. Jaqen is not pleased, but he can see she has him trumped,and has to , on the spot, change his rules, he did not expect that.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 17 May 2012 - 11:18 PM.
1856	summer_stark	2012-05-17	right but the point i'm trying to make is that she has to have a reason to name him -- and if he doesn't refuse to do something for her first, like say free northerners, then what reason would she have for naming him??  he has to refuse to help her do something first.  she wouldn't just name him -- she names him as a way to get his help, not b/c she's malicious.
maybe i'm missing your point though. mine is just that if she names him to help herself escape then that's a bummer b/c i like that she did it on her own.  and if it's not for weasel soup, i can't see another reason to name him.  can you?
					
					
							Edited by summer_stark, 17 May 2012 - 11:35 PM.
1857	boojam	2012-05-18	right but the point i'm trying to make is that she has to have a reason to name him -- and if he doesn't refuse to do something for her first, like say free northerners, then what reason would she have for naming him??  he has to refuse to help her do something first.  she wouldn't just name him -- she names him as a way to get his help, not b/c she's malicious.maybe i'm missing your point though. mine is just that if she names him to help herself escape then that's a bummer b/c i like that she did it on her own.  and if it's not for weasel soup, i can't see another reason to name him.  can you?We know what happens in the novel.So we are talking about the show , we have to see how D&D write it.One thing I have found one cannot really go with those microsecond sound bites HBO gives us.I am curious myself, because George wrote a gem of a scenario and it's hard to believe D&D will mess it up.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 18 May 2012 - 05:30 AM.
1858	weirwood woman	2012-05-18	Just going back to something mentioned earlier in regard to LF recognizing Arya and using that knowledge (which is power) to assist Tywin with a fake Arya set up... I hadn't thought of it that way because in many earlier scenes with LF back in Kings Landing there is girl in the background, with hair cut like Arya, doing various chores like scrubbing the floors. I thought after seeing this servant a few times how much she looked like her and was there any significance to her always in the same scenes with LF. Once LF came to Harrenhal and was intrigued by the cupbearer, it occurred to me that maybe it was the servant girl that he was thinking about. Well I sure hoped he wasn't going to recognize her as Arya!
1859	Forgiven	2012-05-18	I don't think this Tywin thing has gone beyond redemption, and I have enjoyed it a lot too...
The scene with littlefinger, once again, made littlefinger seem bit too obvious about his interest...
But nonetheless, if we take this as something Tywin does for amusement over a puzzle he hasn't quite yet cracked...
So we get to ep. 18, Mountain returns with northener prisoners (wish there were a scene with Robb sending Bolton to take Harrenhall before then, little premonition and news of Stannis' movement towards KL should make him see the strategic advantage, either assure Tywin doesn't go to KL as he has Northern army approaching, or actually take Harrenhall if Tywin does leave with his army...). Somewhere towards the end of episode, Tywin leaves with Mountain to KL, however, my major problem here is that 'who does he leave in command' as I don't think we have a Goat cast, one can hope this isn't true... And, why doesn't Tywin take Arya? Harrenhall is big place, if Tywin hears of Stannis and decides he needs to rush, he's not going to worry about a cupbearer, no matter how intriguing, if she can't be found when needed. And Jagen can refuse on 'sorry, too busy, can't do that right now basis', he was pissed off enough after the last time she rushed him.
Then ep19/20, soup goes here, I'm not actually quite sure if we get an escape this season, they might want to give her some time with bolton too...
...and less travelling around, travel is bad on screen... So her leaving HH 'just before' Jaime arrives shouldn't be a problem.
					
					
							Edited by Forgiven, 18 May 2012 - 07:00 AM.
1860	imbs	2012-05-18	i am confused as to why people think that tywin knows or has deducted who Arya is. He has too much pride in his twins to come to such a conclusion that requires him to make the assumption that Cersei is incompetent enough to let it happen imo. Cersei is not Tyrion.
1861	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-18	Anything they do now though is unrealistic. They screwed themselves with this Grandpa Tywin and Arya storyline. If he releases a high-born captive like Arya, he's an idiot. If he lets her escape with this knowledge, he's an idiot.Exactly.
1862	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-18	i am confused as to why people think that tywin knows or has deducted who Arya is. He has too much pride in his twins to come to such a conclusion that requires him to make the assumption that Cersei is incompetent enough to let it happen imo. Cersei is not Tyrion.We know from previous episodes that Tyrion has been continually updating Tywin on matters in KL.  I can't imagine him leaving out the detail of Arya's disappearance.  One could argue that he wants to protect her somehow, but considering the fact that he has made an offer to exchange her and Sansa for his beloved Jaime he's going to want her back, and I can't see how he wouldn't use Tywin and his resources in that hunt.  And he's not so kind-hearted as to put a Stark above Jaime, no matter how the show is watering him down.He's also not going to keep that information secret for Cersei's sake, nor because he's worried about how it looks for him, as he wasn't around when the escape went down.  I can see him diplomatically and strategically hiding the fact of Arya's escape from most people, but not Tywin.
1863	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-18	Leaving weasel soup, "Is your sword sharp, Jon Snow?" and Arya's murderous escape out would be travesties.  Especially the last two...both necessary experiences for the people Jon and Arya become.
1864	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-18	i am a bit bored with their weekly chat in that chamber. Get out of the castle and change things up. We have seen enough of them in this setting. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
1865	Man-without-a-flag	2012-05-18	Im new here but feel compelled to vent some of my thoughts so bear with me.
When Tywin tells Arya to eat the mutton dinner and when just after she takes her first bite of what looks like a potato and Tywin asks her if she eats much food, her reply of "I eat alot", its the way she says it actually had me in knots with laughter. The chemistry between show Tywin and Arya is electric. I LOVED that whole scene.
I love the books but the deviation from certain story lines and even characters is worrying.
For all that I still watch this show with the same enthusiasm I havent had since watchin the Sopranos for the first time. I LOVE it.
Dont hate too much please, im new here /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
1866	zippypoodle	2012-05-18	No. This is Twyin we're talking about. A guy who tricked his king, ravaged the city and purposefully murdered two innocent children. He doesn't give two shits for honour.No, he cares only about the honor of his family. Not necessarily whether his family is honorable, but that it is respected and feared.
1867	bardgal	2012-05-19	Let's look at the facts:Arya Stark is an 11 year-old little girl of noble birth.Tywin has never seen Arya Stark, so he has no idea what she looks like.Tywin has no reason to care what Arya Stark looks like.Tywin Lannister has no reason to think that everyone at King's Landing is completely incompetent.The last time Littlefinger saw Arya, she was clean, had long hair, and dressed as a girl.Who knows for sure (that we know of) that Arya is missing?CerseiTyrionJoffreyWho has the vagina to tell Tywin Lannister that one of their key hostages they have to secure Jamie's release, an 11 year-old little girl, has gone missing?NO ONE.Sure, Varys probably knows, and Littlefinger might know, but they were also both in King's Landing when she disappeared, so both are responsible for allowing it to happen, which means they would be strung up without hesitation by Tywin himself if he knew she was gone. Let's say Littlefinger does know she's missing, then recognizes her at Harrenhall.... what does he do? Even if he grabs her, and takes her into custody, what does he say to Tywin? "We've been searching all of Westeros for this girl....."  The problems that opens up for anyone relaying the information to Tywin is exponential:How did she go missing?WHEN did she go missing?Why the frak didn't ANYONE TELL ME?I think it's pretty safe to say that no one has told Tywin that Arya is missing, so he therefore has zero reason to suspect she is anywhere other than King's Landing. He certainly would never imagine she has made it all the way from King's Landing to Harrenhall disguised as a commoner without ending up dead.This week Tywin is going to get a raven about Stannis' eminent arrival in King's Landing with his fleet, and high tail it south, probably with some able bodies to help out.  Arya will name Tywin as #3 adding the "I need him dead right now" we saw in the preview. Jaqen will try, but Tywin will leave before he gets the chance. If Vargo arrives at Harrenhall with some Northern prisoners around this time, it will set up Weasel Soup, Jaqen's alternate plan, and Arya's escape. Tywin will go ballistic after the Battle of Blackwater when he eventually finds out Arya is missing from King's Landing.
					
					
							Edited by bardgal, 19 May 2012 - 01:29 AM.
1868	The Last Reyne	2012-05-19	Who has the vagina to tell Tywin Lannister that one of their key hostages they have to secure Jamie's release, an 11 year-old little girl, has gone missing?NO ONE. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  LOL!!!
1869	summer_stark	2012-05-19	Littlefinger might know, but they were also both in King's Landing when she disappeared, so both are responsible for allowing it to happen, which means they would be strung up without hesitation by Tywin himself if he knew she was gone. Let's say Littlefinger does know she's missing, then recognizes her at Harrenhall.... what does he do? Even if he grabs her, and takes her into custody, what does he say to Tywin? "We've been searching all of Westeros for this girl....." The problems that opens up for anyone relaying the information to Tywin is exponential:[list] [*]How did she go missing? [*]WHEN did she go missing? [*]Why the frak didn't ANYONE TELL ME?I don't think this makes a lot of sense.  if LF knew it was arya, his reason for not telling tywin would have more to do w/his own interests than thinking he'd be in trouble with tywin -- they had just started their meeting, he couldve said he was going to tell him or better yet thought he knew -- and how would he be blamed? he's not a guard or someone who would be charged with securing anyone.  the kingsguard and lannister guards were sent to take her.  can you imagine the consequences if tywin finds out and LF knew but didn't tell him?  i think it's much more likely that LF knows and will use it for his own advantage, or doesnt know all.
1870	Pellaeon	2012-05-19	I don't think this makes a lot of sense. if LF knew it was arya, his reason for not telling tywin would have more to do w/his own interests than thinking he'd be in trouble with tywin -- they had just started their meeting, he couldve said he was going to tell him or better yet thought he knew -- and how would he be blamed? he's not a guard or someone who would be charged with securing anyone. the kingsguard and lannister guards were sent to take her. can you imagine the consequences if tywin finds out and LF knew but didn't tell him? i think it's much more likely that LF knows and will use it for his own advantage, or doesnt know all.At the moment Tywin know Arya is missing he will count 1 and 2 together and this won't be nice for LF if Tywin suspicuise he recocnize Arya at harrenhal
1871	StarkBlack21	2012-05-19	Have you guys forgotten what you have watched? If Littlefinger knows Arya is missing? Littlefinger knows! Him and Cersei had a whole discussion about missing Arya! Cersei told Littlefinger explicitly to fin Arya.
1872	summer_stark	2012-05-19	Have you guys forgotten what you have watched? If Littlefinger knows Arya is missing? Littlefinger knows! Him and Cersei had a whole discussion about missing Arya! Cersei told Littlefinger explicitly to fin Arya.i was talking about whether LF knew tywins cupbearer was arya, not whether LF knew she was missing.  although i did re-read bargdal's post  and she did say "if" LF knew arya was missing -- but i for one missed that part lol. but yea, obv varys knows -- he told ned. and obv LF knows, cersei charged him with finding her. everyone at court knows she's missing.  she's supposed to be their hostage. lol.
					
					
							Edited by summer_stark, 19 May 2012 - 11:07 AM.
1873	Jerritus	2012-05-19	I think they are making Arya and Tywin "friends", so it makes more sense as to why Arya doesn't have Tywin killed by Jaqen.
1874	bardgal	2012-05-19	Arya didn't go "missing" until after Ned's death, so how could Varys tell Ned? Varys only talks of Sansa when he visits him in the black cell.
I'm perfectly fine playing the Blonde Card, there's lots of times I have the memory of a goldfish. /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />  When was this scene where Cersei specifically tasked Littlefinger with finding Arya? I want to go back and watch it. All I can find is Tyrion telling him to go find Catelyn at the Stormlands, and from there, he went to Harrenhall, but so far, he's never gone back to King's Landing yet. So help me out. What episode did this take place? I hate when I don't remember something. /blush.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blush:' />
And even if "the whole court knows Arya is missing", (which I don't see why that info would be spread far and wide, it only makes everyone look incompetent), who exactly tells Tywin? It's fine the guards knowing, since they're looking for her obviously, but do you really see the Goldcloaks and the King's Guard going around talking about how the Lannisters misplaced an 11 year-old girl? It makes them look just as bad since they were sent to take her when she was practicing with Florel.
					
					
							Edited by bardgal, 19 May 2012 - 12:11 PM.
1875	summer_stark	2012-05-19	Arya didn't go "missing" until after Ned's death, so how could Varys tell Ned? Varys only talks of Sansa when he visits him in the black cell. I'm perfectly fine playing the Blonde Card, there's lots of times I have the memory of a goldfish. /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' /> When was this scene where Cersei specifically tasked Littlefinger with finding Arya? I want to go back and watch it. All I can find is Tyrion telling him to go find Catelyn at the Stormlands, and from there, he went to Harrenhall, but so far, he's never gone back to King's Landing yet. So help me out. What episode did this take place? I hate when I don't remember something. /blush.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blush:' /> And even if "the whole court knows Arya is missing", (which I don't see why that info would be spread far and wide, it only makes everyone look incompetent), who exactly tells Tywin? It's fine the guards knowing, since they're looking for her obviously, but do you really see the Goldcloaks and the King's Guard going around talking about how the Lannisters misplaced an 11 year-old girl? It makes them look just as bad since they were sent to take her when she was practicing with Florel.nope.  arya goes missing when ned is captured and put in the black cells.  varys talks of sansa.  ned asks about arya and he says, no one knows, not even my little birds could find her.the episode re: cersei asking LF to find arya is one of the first episodes -- maybe even the first episode of the season, after tyrion chastises her for "losing" arya.  cersei asks LF in the same scene where she does that "power is power" thing and has the guards grab him and says to kill him, oh wait i changed my mind.and the stuff about tywin knowing is sheer speculation -- but as another poster pointed out, it's not exactly unknown around kings landing -- at least at court, and there are plenty of people at court -- not to mention the fact that as that other poster said, tyrion has no incentive for not telling tywin -- it's not like he would protect cersei, and it's not like it could ever be his fault, since he was w/tywin when it happened -- so that's why some people think tywin must know, at the very least, that arya is missing. however, i'm not sure i buy it since if he does know arya is missing, it makes less sense that he doesnt know his cupbearer is arya (which, again, is up for debate, but i doubt he wouldn't have done anything if he knew who she was -- though maybe he does something in the next episode b/f he leaves for blackwater, but i sort of doubt it).  i think he will find out when he gets to kings landing and probably then make the connection.  which might be what prompts her escape, since there probably isnt enough time for any northern lords to scare her into leaving.
1876	Admiral Bolton	2012-05-19	They have already made Tywin enough of a nice-guy on the TV show, this would be one step too far.
1877	bardgal	2012-05-19	nope. arya goes missing when ned is captured and put in the black cells. varys talks of sansa. ned asks about arya and he says, no one knows, not even my little birds could find her. the episode re: cersei asking LF to find arya is one of the first episodes -- maybe even the first episode of the season, after tyrion chastises her for "losing" arya. cersei asks LF in the same scene where she does that "power is power" thing and has the guards grab him and says to kill him, oh wait i changed my mind. and the stuff about tywin knowing is sheer speculation -- but as another poster pointed out, it's not exactly unknown around kings landing -- at least at court, and there are plenty of people at court -- not to mention the fact that as that other poster said, tyrion has no incentive for not telling tywin -- it's not like he would protect cersei, and it's not like it could ever be his fault, since he was w/tywin when it happened -- so that's why some people think tywin must know, at the very least, that arya is missing. however, i'm not sure i buy it since if he does know arya is missing, it makes less sense that he doesnt know his cupbearer is arya (which, again, is up for debate, but i doubt he wouldn't have done anything if he knew who she was -- though maybe he does something in the next episode b/f he leaves for blackwater, but i sort of doubt it). i think he will find out when he gets to kings landing and probably then make the connection. which might be what prompts her escape, since there probably isnt enough time for any northern lords to scare her into leaving.Thank you! Like I need an excuse to re-watch these eps for the ridiculousth time! /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
					
					
							Edited by bardgal, 19 May 2012 - 01:12 PM.
1878	Fengari	2012-05-20	I seriously don't know what to think of this.
I do not see any reason why Tyrion would not have sent Tywin word that Arya is missing. When he learned it himself, he had just been sent to KL by his father to try and fix the stupid things his sister had done. This, for him, was a new situation: his father apparently valuing his wits above his sisters. He also obviously realised that Cersei losing Arya too would be another thing to decrease Tywins idea of his daughter, he told her himself. So that alone should be reason to send his father a message, just to reinforce his newly found status with his father. Add to that the facts that by not telling, he would most likely become subject of Tywins wrath along with his sister when he finally finds out, and that having Tywins men know to be on the lookout for runaway Arya would be a great help in finding her again, I just don't see how he could have remained silent about it.
I don't buy the 'this information is too sensitive to entrust to a raven or messenger'-argument. They send sensitive war-related messages all the time. Hell, they even send their negotiators into enemy camps without any escort to speak of. (granted, the chance of ambush while using a teleportation device is small /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> )
So if Tywin knows Arya is missing, it would be really strange if he hasn't put 2 and 2 together by now. I really think he should be smart enough to do that.
But, if he knows, why hasn't he secured her as a hostage? I can buy (with a good dose of suspension of disbelief) the theory that he thought keeping her as a cupbearer was enough to both keep her imprisoned and safe (the guards likely have orders not to let anyone of the captured commonfolk out of the gates, otherwise why would Gendry still be hanging around?), and it gives hem knowledge about both her and the Starks in general (know thine enemy). But the assassination of Armory Lorch should certainly have changed that: that makes it clear that there are enemies within Harrenhall, enemies that could help Arya escape or help her get the information she gained from hearing his war counsels to Robb's army. So it does not make sense to me that he would still keep her as a cupbearer/foodtaster after that.
So any way you turn it, either Tywin or Tyrion have made a mistake that is uncharacteristic.
I'm wondering where this is going now. Some speculation from the preview, we see:
- a man being hanged with Arya watching: who is this man? It could be another of Tywin's men, but the clothes look different. The red robe made me think of the red priest, but he's still needed I think. Could it be another member of the brotherhood without banners? Maybe they will be the prisoners Arya helps to free, and she escapes with them, thus jumping ahead to a different part of her journey?
- Tywin and his counsel, 'We'll ride at nightfall', followed by Tywin and the hound mounting. I assume they got the news that Stannis is closing in on KL, and are riding to the rescue.
- Arya, presumably to Jaqen: 'I need him dead right now'. Obviously her third death, but who did she name?
Though I would love to see weasel soup, as long as there are no prisoners to save there is no need for it for furthering the plot. They do need to have her name Jaqen though, as it is what makes him realise she has FM potential (in my opinion), leading to giving her the coin, which is quite essential. I am starting to think that will be used to help her escape instead. Like others have said, I liked that she did that all by herself, but as long as she does something badass during that escape and isn't just carried to safety by Jaqen, I'm OK with it. Maybe the soup scene can be brought in with guards by the gates instead of guards of the cells.
1879	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-20	I seriously don't know what to think of this.I do not see any reason why Tyrion would not have sent Tywin word that Arya is missing. When he learned it himself, he had just been sent to KL by his father to try and fix the stupid things his sister had done. This, for him, was a new situation: his father apparently valuing his wits above his sisters. He also obviously realised that Cersei losing Arya too would be another thing to decrease Tywins idea of his daughter, he told her himself. So that alone should be reason to send his father a message, just to reinforce his newly found status with his father. Add to that the facts that by not telling, he would most likely become subject of Tywins wrath along with his sister when he finally finds out, and that having Tywins men know to be on the lookout for runaway Arya would be a great help in finding her again, I just don't see how he could have remained silent about it.I don't buy the 'this information is too sensitive to entrust to a raven or messenger'-argument. They send sensitive war-related messages all the time. Hell, they even send their negotiators into enemy camps without any escort to speak of. (granted, the chance of ambush while using a teleportation device is small /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> )So if Tywin knows Arya is missing, it would be really strange if he hasn't put 2 and 2 together by now. I really think he should be smart enough to do that.But, if he knows, why hasn't he secured her as a hostage? I can buy (with a good dose of suspension of disbelief) the theory that he thought keeping her as a cupbearer was enough to both keep her imprisoned and safe (the guards likely have orders not to let anyone of the captured commonfolk out of the gates, otherwise why would Gendry still be hanging around?), and it gives hem knowledge about both her and the Starks in general (know thine enemy). But the assassination of Armory Lorch should certainly have changed that: that makes it clear that there are enemies within Harrenhall, enemies that could help Arya escape or help her get the information she gained from hearing his war counsels to Robb's army. So it does not make sense to me that he would still keep her as a cupbearer/foodtaster after that.So any way you turn it, either Tywin or Tyrion have made a mistake that is uncharacteristic.My thoughts exactly. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
1880	Rapsie	2012-05-20	Also the major butterfly effect put in motion if Tywin later realises it's Arya, is that he would have sent men after her. She is capable of getting to and surviving in Harrenhal, then he would not just leave her as a ticking time bomb moving North or to any other relatives.
1881	sarahstitcher	2012-05-20	Tywins is probably going to set out for Kings Landing next episode. so I think that he'll leave, Arya escapes, he arrives and hears that Arya is missing and realizes she was right under his nose.I hope they go this route, because it would be in keeping with the books... there are so many times in the books, where one character knows something, but doesn't, or isn't able to communicate it to another character who is making a choice that would be different with more information.
1882	Rollo Tomasi	2012-05-20	What if D&D were to switch things up in the series and have Tywin reveal to Arya the he knows who she is. Slightly unrealistic, but hear me out. We know that Jamie will be released by Catelyn Stark at some and it's been hinted that it will be this season, we also know that Tywin has spies within the northern ranks, so it's likely that when Jamie escapes, word will get back to him at Harrenhall. Once this has been revealed it is possible that out of a sense of honour Tywin will reveal to Arya he knows who she is and let her escape the castle quietly and peacefully. Tywins a smart man and he knows enough about his cup barer to put two in two together, he knows she fled Kings Landing by posing as boy with the nights watch recruits, knows she is well educated, a Northerner and strongly suspects her to be highborn, he is also aware of the love she holds for her father who passed away. So it is possible that he either suspects or has deduced that she is a Stark. It's true that he thinks both Stark girls are in Kings Landing, but it's unlikely that he wouldnt rule out the possibility however small, he is very interested in Arya and this could be the reason why, it's not as if she is going anywhere, she is as much a prisoner as a servant as she would be a highborn hostage. It's also been noted by several forum members that in an upcoming scene with Arya and Tywin, he does something that changes her mind on him, now we know they have had a few chats so far and Arya still wants to stick a knife through the back of his throat, so it's still to come. Personally I think it would be a great inclusion, lets be honest the producers have no qualms about changing aspects of the storyline, just look at Theons, their motto seems to be that as long as the end point is the same, changes can be made to better tell a story. If released Arya would still be out in the Riverlands and free to go through the Hell of ASOS, granted we wouldn't get so see her slitting a guards throat, but it's a price Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m willing to pay. So.....thoughts? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Tywin does not know that she is Arya Stark.If he did he would throw her in a locked room and immediately send a raven to King's Landing to alert Tyrion and Cersei that he has her.
1883	summer_stark	2012-05-20	can i just say, with no happiness whatsofuckingever.  i told you guys so.  not only did they not do weasel soup, she didn't even kill anyone.  and will she even get the coin???  and, that was a totally stupid way to have her name jaqen -- she asked him to kill tywin, he said he couldnt right now -- she said his name he was upset, she said ok help me.  why wouldnt you ask for help escaping first?  pr why wouldn't he then go kill tywin?  whatever even if it did make some sense, it is exactly what i feared would happen -- so fucking lame.  i. am. pissed.
					
					
							Edited by summer_stark, 20 May 2012 - 09:03 PM.
1884	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-20	Some posters think Arya and co. haven't actually made it out of Harrenhal yet and that the escape won't actually be complete until ep. 10, considering the name of the episode, which would leave some room for some of these things to still take place.  Let's hope so.
1885	MikeL	2012-08-18	(Major spoiler for tv series only people) I think it would be epic if Tywin did find out about Arya, but the only way I can foresee that Tywin would ever find out (without changing the plot arc too significantly) is if Tyrion tells him just after he's shot him.  I picture that scene going something like:
Tywin (in pain - a slow death): You...
Tyrion: Yes... me.  Does it surprise you? No? A pity. I know how fond you are of surprises...
Tywin glowers at him:
Tyrion (smug/witty): Wait... I do have a surprise for you. I heard a rumour that the entire time whilst we were searching for Lady Arya Stark here in King's Landing, she was in Harrenhal, serving you, as your cup bearer.  Can this possibly be true?
Tywin's (look of shock turns to understated admiration).
Tyrion: Oh I'm glad you're happy father. I can't tell you how much it warms my heart to please you.  Now hurry up and die.  I have a ship to catch.
					
					
							Edited by MikeL, 18 August 2012 - 01:22 PM.
1886	7V3N	2012-08-18	Tywin is not a man who lets opportunities slip through his fingers. Having two Stark hostage AND you son back is a gift. Tywin has no honor, just a reputation. A Lannister always pays his debts is not about repaying those you owe, it is about taking revenge on those who cross you (hinted by their real words).
1887	gogorath	2012-08-20	Im new here but feel compelled to vent some of my thoughts so bear with me.When Tywin tells Arya to eat the mutton dinner and when just after she takes her first bite of what looks like a potato and Tywin asks her if she eats much food, her reply of "I eat alot", its the way she says it actually had me in knots with laughter. The chemistry between show Tywin and Arya is electric. I LOVED that whole scene.I love the books but the deviation from certain story lines and even characters is worrying.For all that I still watch this show with the same enthusiasm I havent had since watchin the Sopranos for the first time. I LOVE it.Dont hate too much please, im new here /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />I eat a lot, but I don't grow!That whole scene was fantastic.  I feel a little sorry for those who can't stop picking - they are missing a helluva show.
1888	idler	2012-10-17	- For some reason, nobody ever informed Tywin that Arya Stark is missing.Ep 6:LF: On your son Tyrion's directive I met with Catlyn StarkTL: Why?LF: He had an interesting proposal for her - concerning her daughters- Littlefinger knows Arya quite well. For example, on the first day of the tournament of the hand, she asked him why he was called "Littlefinger", and he told her. At a distance of half a yard! He also noticed her overhearing of his telling the story of The Hound to Sansa.- Arya knows that he will identify her, hence the shocked look when Lord Petyr Baelish was announced.- Littlefinger, whose official order from Queen Cersai is to find Arya Stark, makes damn sure she knows that she is identified by trying several times to look directly into her face. Tywin doesn't comment the strange behavior of his guest - he might know that Baelish likes little girls.- Littlefinger outright lies to Tywin telling him Tyrion had an interesting proposal for Catlyn concerning her daughters. Tyrion's proposal couldn't have included Arya, cause when LF left the capital, it was already clear that Arya wasn't available at all.- I think LF is preparing his next change of sides - and running a high risk at that. What if somebody tells Tywin: "Oh, we lost that Stark girl, but LF is supposed to find her!"- Even after the battle of Blackwater, no one dares to inform Tywin of Arya's missing. Otherwise, Petyr Baelish wouldn't get the Lordship of Harrenhal, but a fast beheading
					
					
							Edited by idler, 17 October 2012 - 04:06 PM.
1889	MaesterAwesome	2012-06-28	When Jorah goes to speak with Quaithe, she asks him if he will betray Daenerys again. What betrayal is she talking about?I just recently started reading A Storm of Swords, so I beg you, please don't spoil anything for me. If there's no way to answer my question without spoiling something, then just tell me that I will find it out later.
1890	WakeTheDragon	2012-08-02	Sending messages to Varys I think.
1891	Crown	2012-08-02	Sending messages to Varys I think.Yeah, he has been sending messages to Varys. It is mentioned in A Game of Thrones, concerning the matter whether they should kill Dany or not, because she was with child.
1892	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-15	I have read and heard a lot of non readers who were immediately aware of the fact that the hanging bodies were definitely not Bran and Rickon. I have to agree that it did not have the impact I expected. 
It was too obvious. The corpses looked superfake and they were trying too hard to make us think they found Bran and Rickon (walnuts wtf? Do all walnuts in westeros end up in Rickon's hands?") Also, some people thought the end music was awesome... I thought it fell totally flat. Very anticlimactic. It surprises me that this doesn't annoy more people. Am I crazy?
1893	int11	2012-05-16	None of my friends believed it either. To be fair, I didn't really think Bran and Rickon died in the books. I went to bed right after reading about the brooch and spent some time wondering how this would turn out. I did however have my doubts when Theon (POV) reflected on how he killed them.
Walnuts: WTF indeed. That didn't make any sense to me.
1894	The Flaying Man	2012-05-16	I thought that they made it a bit too obvious by the obvious references to the "two Winterfell orphans" as well as actually showing them!
I think the short scene with Bran, Rickon, Hodor and Osha should have been left out, it may have been slightly more believable then...although I don't know what would have happened with Dagmer's walnut revelation then. 
Regardless, somehow my brother (who is extremely intelligent for his age) was fooled, and believes that the burnt scarecrows, I mean boys, are actually Bran and Rickon! So, I suppose it just depends on the viewer.
In saying all of that, however, I like to take the series on its merits, and I think it's doing a fantastic job. I also loved that final scene. Alfie Allen was fantastic as always, his expression speaks multitudes, and the music really added to what he has become.
1895	Currawong	2012-05-16	In the book, we only really know that the bodies arent Bran and Rickon because of Theon's internal POV reflections that one body looks much like another, etc.  In TV terms though, "how" do the writers show this sort of thing?  It's typical of the many difficulties faced by D & D s when adapting GRRMs books, because so many of the clues or information dumps we get are not easily translated to the screen.   Maybe in this case they gave too many clues for some people, but it is a fine line to tread and if they don't give enough clues, they be equally criticised when things apparently 'just happen' without any foundation.   Not an easy task for the writers!
1896	The Monkey	2012-05-16	The three non-book readers I've spoken with all think it could be Bran and Rickon (until they made me tell it), but none of them believed it was.
1897	Sword of the Morning Wood	2012-05-16	I have to admit, when I read the books the first time, I thought Bran and Rickon were killed but I re-read recently and it's incredibly obvious that they weren't if you read the books and actually pick up on what's happening instead of racing through to find out what happens next.
The wall-nut thing was poor writing IMO. Either Dagmer knew that the boys had been there because of the walnuts, in which case they'd obviously just keep hunting as they knew they were on the trail. If Dagmer didn't think the walnuts belonged to the boys, why would he pick them up. Obviously they stuck them in to make people think they actually caught Bran and Rickon. But I reckon the whole 'walnut thing' was very clumsy writing.
1898	LuisDantas	2012-05-16	Currawong is correct, but I still think it would be a bit more effective to simply keep the bodies off-screen.  While it was very clear that those were meant to look like actual dead bodies, their appearance was much more like burned cloth dolls.
1899	House Snow	2012-05-16	Yeah a part of me wondered if they didn't really want people to believe it was them.  Not just mentioning the orphans, but not accounting for Hodor/Osha/Direwolves (they could have burned the hounds or something).  That being said it would have been pretty hard to pull off.  I think this maybe one area where not having Ramsey there to flay the kids (in which case the body props might be made to look more like Bran and Rickon) hurt.  Probably could have executed better, maybe have a scene where it seems like Theon/Dagmer actually see the kids, but I'm not sure anything they would have done would have made it believable.
1900	Sword of the Morning Wood	2012-05-16	Currawong is correct, but I still think it would be a bit more effective to simply keep the bodies off-screen.  While it was very clear that those were meant to look like actual dead bodies, their appearance was much more like burned cloth dolls.That's what burnt bodies actually look like though.
1901	Ser Giant	2012-05-16	Reek was needed to make it even almost work. They also should have just shown Theon/Dagmer group looking at the same little village and the next scene show the bodies hanging instead of even having that absurd scene in the village/mill.
"OMG WALNUTS THEON!!!, we just saw that scene and Hodor was crushing walnuts for Rickon, your Dagmer has an idea!!!!!" So incredibly stupid.
1902	Stanmore	2012-05-16	The only non-book reading friend i've spoken to didn't even realise the bodies were supposed to be Bran and Rikon. Not sure whether they made it too obvious what was going on  with all the previous mentions of orphan boys or whether my friend just wasn't paying enough attention.
1903	Jem	2012-05-16	That's what burnt bodies actually look like though.I'll have to take your word for it, because (fortunately) I've never seen burnt bodies. However, they looked like they were made from papier mache to me. Like a pair of pinatas. Wouldn't bits of them fall off? I know one had lost an arm, but wouldn't a burnt body fall to bits when strung up?
1904	turdle	2012-05-16	none of the non-readers that i watch with think it was bran and rickon, but i also had my doubts when reading the book. correct me if i'm wrong, but didn't we learn second hand that they had been killed in the books before going to winterfell and the kids heads are on spikes? for me the doubt came because we were learning from an outside source, not seeing it first hand, but then when it picks back up in winterfell it seemed more convincing because they had heads on spikes, and i was like, "oh i guess they are really dead." perhaps they would have been better off following the same structure on the show, but i don't really think it's THAT big of a deal if non-readers aren't fooled.  but i agree that showing them walking toward the farm house was probably a mistake. and are we to assume that they are not back in winterfell then? that they're just going to go ahead an start toward the wall?
1905	arya horsefaceless	2012-05-16	I thought TV made it pretty obvious it wasn't, but when I read the books I felt it was obvious it wasn't them either...and I don't pick up on clues as well as most.
1906	Raja	2012-05-16	To be frank though , I never really bought the deaths of Bran and Rickon in the book either . But agree that they could have done a much much better job . Something to make it personal or to identify Bran with ,  while  putting those bodies up would have helped
					
					
							Edited by Raja, 16 May 2012 - 08:29 PM.
1907	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-16	Hmmm, so I'll repeat what I said on another board. I cannot believe how many people were unconvinced while reading the books. I didn't think they were alive during my first (and only) read. It seemed essential to me. It was only after the reveal that I got used to (and increasingly annoyed by) GRRM's faux-deaths. They were the first fake-outs of the series right?
And it IS a difficult climax to translate to screen, I can see that. Nevertheless, I still think they could have improved it by leaving Bran and Rickon out of the episode entirely. They were also "offscreen" in the books. So we move from "it's just a game" to the hanging bodies. 
Wait, I stand corrected. I would use spiked heads instead. The bodies were too fake. Maybe even better: they could have shown theon riding into winterfell with two heads in his hand. It's like the rhakaro death, adding some nice visual recurrance. Or do I sound like a creepy psychopath now:)?
1908	Strider	2012-05-16	Put me down as one who never really believed that Theon killed Bran and Rickon.  I found that part of the book implausible.  If you find the HOB rendering unconvincing (and I don't disagree), I think the blame needs to put squarely on Martin.
1909	fede989	2012-05-16	I have just posted this on the discussion topic, but I think it might fit better here.
I loved this episode, but I had a problem with the last scene. It isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t that they choose to make it clearer that those two burned bodies were not Bran and Rickon, rather than they cut the scene way too early.
The sickened face of Theon when he looks at the bodies was great, the screams of Maester Luwin were heartbreaking, and the score for that scene was incredible pertinent, it really wanted to make you feel the same as Theon: lost, confused and absolutely sickened. But I canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t help to think that if that scene lasted a little longer it could have an even bigger impact.
They could have shown the disgusted faces of the people of Winterfell for example, or more facial expressions from Theon, realizing what he has done and his internal struggle in that moment. I mean, murdering two innocents boys is a truly horrible an unredeemable act, even if they arenÂ´t who they are supposed to be. We got to see too little of his reactions for my taste, and worst is that Alfie Allan has shown to be really good at it.
When the picture faded to black I couldn't help to feel a little disappointed with that scene, because of the emotional potential that it had. Still this was an incredible episode, one of the best if not the best of the season for me.
Anybody else felt the same with this scene?
					
					
							Edited by fede989, 16 May 2012 - 11:42 PM.
1910	RoamingRonin	2012-05-17	I believed it in the books, didn't believe it on the show. It wasn't set up properly and the result wasn't convincing. A friend of mine doesn't read the books and doesn't believe their dead. The burnt bodies looked a bit odd. Master Luwin's reaction was believable and sad.
					
					
							Edited by RoamingRonin, 17 May 2012 - 12:09 AM.
1911	Patchface12	2012-05-17	I thought it was pretty gruesome the first time around. Second time, I noticed that corpse "Bran's" leg looked a bit rubber. Plus I'm not totally in love with how Maester Luwin said 'Noooooooo!' Seemed forced for some reason (other than that, I love Donald Sumpter as Luwin)
1912	victim	2012-05-17	The acorn thing is weird, but not much weirder than what Reek uses in the books - in a pouch or something, my memory is failing me. Basically, all Dagmer and Theon are doing is pretending they've found something really important and then sending Maester Lewin away so he believes they've found and will kill the boys.
1913	Marjie Eilie Myatt	2012-05-17	I believed it in the books; for me it was my first ASOIAF fake-out, and as someone else mentioned, I wasn't scrutinizing the writing at that time but instead was reading quickly for the "what happened."  (Later, during the RW, I re-read several times to see how the victims were possibly getting out of this one).
What I don't understand from the episode (and I can only watch it this year in clips on YouTube), is why Theon himself seems so shocked or sickened by the corpses.  Was he not part of that whole staged presentation for the folk of the castle?  He looks like he's seeing them for the first time.  I don't get it.  (And that presentation was corny.)
If Maester Luwin comes off as a little bit fake, I think it's okay because wasn't he faking in the book?  Didn't he know the bodies weren't right, even though Reek had dressed them in Stark cloaks and whatnot?  He's gotta sell it.
1914	Alboin	2012-05-17	If the boys and direwolves would part ways: direwolves would trick Theon's hunt to that river and Bran and others would stay in the crypt,(as it is in the book) it all would make perfect sense... I don't know, maybe direwolves CGI is too expensive, but they are on screen either way. How this walnut thing is better then what was happening in the book is beyond me.
1915	Jayaris	2012-05-17	I have read a heard a lot of non readers who were immediately aware of the fact that the hanging bodies were definitely not Bran and Rickon. I have to agree that it did not have the impact I expected.It was too obvious. The corpses looked superfake and they were trying too hard to make us think they found Bran and Rickon (walnuts wtf? Do all walnuts in westeros end up in Rickon's hands?") Also, some people thought the end music was awesome... I thought it fell totally flat. Very anticlimactic. It surprises me that this doesn't annoy more people. Am I crazy? I thought the bodies looked pretty fake, but after watching the Twitter recap on Winteriscoming it seemed like a considerable amount of people were fooled.
1916	Michaelj	2012-05-17	The real shock is he murdered two little boys, how  u not see that?
1917	int11	2012-05-17	The acorn thing is weird, but not much weirder than what Reek uses in the books - in a pouch or something, my memory is failing me.There is no way he could have known that those nutshells were Bran's and Rickon's. It's way too coincidental that the random trash he finds in a village belonged to Rickon. The wolf brooch in the book, however, could be used to convince people that the boys had been found, and also to pretend that they've found something really important (a clue).
					
					
							Edited by int11, 17 May 2012 - 05:34 AM.
1918	SerMixalot	2012-05-17	I have been critical of the adaption to date, however I buy the interpretation presented.  the link may be weak but it is internally consistent (rickon seen eating walnuts earlier) and enough to drive the story along hitting all the major points.  Perhaps it could have been done better, but I still think it delivers what is needed.
It will be weird if B&R go back to the crypt though, cause that would be far more dangerous in the TV series trying to sneak back in once the chase is over.
1919	Lord of Cheese	2012-05-17	It was ruined when they had Bran make the comment that if Theon followed them to the farm then he would torture the farmers two children. It's obvious that the two kids were the farmers kids.
In the books it's made frightening because Jojen dreamed of reek, the man with the long knife and the two faceless (? iirc...) children at his feet. Jojen got it right with the capture of Winterfell so we were primed to think it would come true, but not HOW it would come true.
No Jojen, no dream, no reek, flat story telling = fail. Fail fail fail. Season 2 blows.
					
					
							Edited by Lord of Cheese, 17 May 2012 - 06:32 AM.
1920	SerMixalot	2012-05-17	I'm rereading ACoK and will have to pay more attention to the greendreams and such.  I remember not being surprised that B&R being alive the 1st time through, but admittedly there was alot of confusion in my head over characters at the time. 
I guess compared to some the deviations to the script, Dany, Jamie, Jon, theon's story arc seems close by comparison
1921	Tourniquet	2012-05-17	I was sure it was them in the books, probably cause I'm dumb and too trusting in the "unreliable narrator" device...but the show makes it clear it is them and my non-reader g/f thought it was them.
1922	Blangadanger	2012-05-17	I thought the bodies looked realistically burnt, but the fact that he burnt them beyond recognition probably gives away that they're not the Starks. Also for non-readers watching the show, we've been given every reason to believe that the direwolves will interfere at any moment of danger. They've already saved Bran, Arya, Jon, and Robb so far on screen, so for huge characters such as the Starks to just die off-screen without any interference from the direwolves would be questionable.
That being said, I don't know how much better they could've pulled it off as it's pretty hard to fake deaths of major characters, especially in a show that shows everything so graphically otherwise. I liked Theon's reaction a lot, because I think it was a mixture of both acting for his plan to work and shock that his life has come to this. He is truly tormented now, and I can't wait to see Asha/Yara tear him down even more when she arrives.
I thought the music was wonderfully dark, if not for the supposed deaths of the Stark boys, then for the terrible path that Theon has gone down in this season.
1923	Khal-a-bunga	2012-05-17	I don't think the intent of the scene was to have the audience truly believe that Bran and Rickon were dead, but rather to show just how far gone Theon is at this point. They couldn't have given any more clues to tell the audience that it wasn't Bran & Rickon, so it surprises me that some non-readers really believe that it might be them. The thing I took away from the scene was that he may not have found the Stark boys, but he killed two innocent children nonetheless.
I've had a good amount of experience in an E.R. from my time in nursing school, and although I've never seen a fully charred human body, those props used during that scene were actually quite realistic.
And about the walnuts; Dagmer picking them up and calling for Theon felt to me like a fake-out for both Maester Luwin and the audience - he was just trying to make it look like he'd found a clue. Either way, it's no less believable than what Reek does in the books, so it doesn't really bother me. 
The theme for Theon continues to impress me, as does Alfie Allen's portrayal of him. His has been probably my favorite storyline of this second season, and I'm excited to see where and how D&D decide to end his arc.
1924	Ser Giant	2012-05-17	I don't think the intent of the scene was to have the audience truly believe that Bran and Rickon were dead, but rather to show just how far gone Theon is at this point. They couldn't have given any more clues to tell the audience that it wasn't Bran & Rickon, so it surprises me that some non-readers really believe that it might be them. The thing I took away from the scene was that he may not have found the Stark boys, but he killed two innocent children nonetheless. I've had a good amount of experience in an E.R. from my time in nursing school, and although I've never seen a fully charred human body, those props used during that scene were actually quite realistic. And about the walnuts; Dagmer picking them up and calling for Theon felt to me like a fake-out for both Maester Luwin and the audience - he was just trying to make it look like he'd found a clue. Either way, it's no less believable than what Reek does in the books, so it doesn't really bother me. The theme for Theon continues to impress me, as does Alfie Allen's portrayal of him. His has been probably my favorite storyline of this second season, and I'm excited to see where and how D&D decide to end his arc.Unless the characters in Theon's group on the show watched this specific epsiode of Game of Thrones on HBO they wouldnt have known about Rickon eating walnuts. Are walnuts the only food escaped little kids eat in the north or are these special walnuts that only Hodor can crack? It's some cheesetastic writing they did to "trick" the audience into thinking Brand and Co. actually ended up going where they just said they werent going. It was completely absurd.
1925	CuddleMeLoki	2012-05-17	It was ruined when they had Bran make the comment that if Theon followed them to the farm then he would torture the farmers two children. It's obvious that the two kids were the farmers kids. In the books it's made frightening because Jojen dreamed of reek, the man with the long knife and the two faceless (? iirc...) children at his feet. Jojen got it right with the capture of Winterfell so we were primed to think it would come true, but not HOW it would come true. No Jojen, no dream, no reek, flat story telling = fail. Fail fail fail. Season 2 blows.Dont even remember that dream and i hate Jojen.
1926	HouseLancaster	2012-05-17	They botched it, seeing Bran and Rickon at the farm and then followed by Theon and crew - too many clues. They should left that story line after the 'its all just a game' scene, then return to the story at the end, slowly building up the tension at Winter that Theon has done some thing awful. Also having the bodies burnt so bad, made it too obvious - it increases the 'off-screen death' factor which TV audiances know rarely ever turn out to be the case. we needed to see facial features - you'd never be able to tell the difference anyway but it stops it looking like a cover up. Shame really, a cool turn of events burnt.
1927	Catastrophe	2012-05-17	I don't think it was botched, since I never thought Bran and Rickon had really been killed in the books either.
1928	Hoo	2012-05-17	If the intent was to fool the viewers into believing Theon burnt them, yes it was a failure.
If the intent was to show how Theon likes to scare townfolk, then it was a success.
1929	teemo	2012-05-17	At first I thought they did, because everyone on the board was saying how obvious it was that they were still alive.  But none of my friends got that.  I have a friend who is devastated that the little kids are dead, and I didn't correct him.  Maybe I just have dumb friends.  I thought the last scene was pretty powerful.  I liked that ending...Theon's face and the dramatic music faded to black...sweet!
1930	kephv	2012-05-17	They did. I think they should've given Bran another green dream, seeing as how his first one came true, which would've added a bit more to the credibility of it.
1931	turdle	2012-05-17	Unless the characters in Theon's group on the show watched this specific epsiode of Game of Thrones on HBO they wouldnt have known about Rickon eating walnuts. Are walnuts the only food escaped little kids eat in the north or are these special walnuts that only Hodor can crack? It's some cheesetastic writing they did to "trick" the audience into thinking Brand and Co. actually ended up going where they just said they werent going. It was completely absurd.yeah, i missed the part in the show where they said only starks eat walnuts. i think the reason they went this way was because the farm house in the book just pops into theons memory with no real set up. and in the show they can't simply jump into theons inner monologue, but the walnuts don't make any sense when you think about them. best not to.
1932	sennahoj	2012-05-17	I don't think the scene was botched. The mere fact that the killing of the Stark kids wasn't shown will make viewers suspicious, whereas readers might rather believe a death off-page. For me the burned corpses bluff was never so much about fooling the viewer/reader but rather to fool the other people in the story. The people of Winterfell are supposed to believe Theon would even kill the Stark kids to make them fear him. Even the ruse itself, let alone had he actually burned the Stark kids, reeks of desperation. Theon has made the decision that he wants to be feared. That comes across on page and on screen.
I have to admit that it is questionable whether so many people of the Stark household would take Theon's story about the corpses at face value. They knew what the kids looked like. So if you want to convince people you actually killed them, you should show them the bodies in a recognisable form. Why present unrecognisable burned corpses instead? How many people in Winterfell did actually believe Theon, and I mean both in the book and in the TV show?
So, in the end, Theon's presentation of the bodies is not about convincing the people at Winterfell either, not at all. First, those are not the people that matter. The people who matter are those in power who hear the tale of Theon's deed. But secondly and most importantly, Theon wants to convince himself that he could make people fear and obey him by making them believe he would even kill Bran and Rickon. It's the old "power lies where people believe it to be". For Theon, fear is the key to holding on to power in Winterfell. If people actually believe he has the power over life and death and wouldn't even spare his foster brothers (and most valuable hostages, one might add), then Theon might be able to cling on to it. At least that is what he is telling himself. And the fake corpses are a means to that end, to make Theon believe himself in power, when in fact, he has lost everything.
1933	Oberyn King	2012-05-17	It had to be obvious, if I was a non-book-reader tv viewer, I'd stop watching the show the minute they killed the little Stark boys.
1934	tryagainlater	2012-05-17	Yea, it wasn't very convincing not that it really was either in the books. I'm still gonna tell my friends they're dead though.
1935	summer_stark	2012-05-17	I don't think the scene was botched. The mere fact that the killing of the Stark kids wasn't shown will make viewers suspicious, whereas readers might rather believe a death off-page. For me the burned corpses bluff was never so much about fooling the viewer/reader but rather to fool the other people in the story. The people of Winterfell are supposed to believe Theon would even kill the Stark kids to make them fear him. Even the ruse itself, let alone had he actually burned the Stark kids, reeks of desperation. Theon has made the decision that he wants to be feared. That comes across on page and on screen. I have to admit that it is questionable whether so many people of the Stark household would take Theon's story about the corpses at face value. They knew what the kids looked like. So if you want to convince people you actually killed them, you should show them the bodies in a recognisable form. Why present unrecognisable burned corpses instead? How many people in Winterfell did actually believe Theon, and I mean both in the book and in the TV show? So, in the end, Theon's presentation of the bodies is not about convincing the people at Winterfell either, not at all. First, those are not the people that matter. The people who matter are those in power who hear the tale of Theon's deed. But secondly and most importantly, Theon wants to convince himself that he could make people fear and obey him by making them believe he would even kill Bran and Rickon. It's the old "power lies where people believe it to be". For Theon, fear is the key to holding on to power in Winterfell. If people actually believe he has the power over life and death and wouldn't even spare his foster brothers (and most valuable hostages, one might add), then Theon might be able to cling on to it. At least that is what he is telling himself. And the fake corpses are a means to that end, to make Theon believe himself in power, when in fact, he has lost everything.i agree with the second half of this -- however, the first half i disagree with because:the people at winterfell are supposed to, and largely do, believe it's b/r (except luwin, who has doubts).second, if the reader/viewer wasnt meant to think they were dead, then why make it a cliffhanger at all?  why not show the boys right after the burned bodies -- or in the book, make bran the next chapter?  it's obviously supposed to have some shock value, otherwise they wouldn't make it to look like the boys might be dead -- in either the books or the show -- in the books, you have to pay attention to subtle clues that a first time reader probably misses -- in the show, it's like they couldnt decide whether to make it a cliffhanger or not.   they botched it if they wanted to make it a cliffhanger, and botched it if they didnt -- instead, they leave it in this weird no mans land of most people being pretty sure it's not them, instead of most people being pretty sure it is them.It had to be obvious, if I was a non-book-reader tv viewer, I'd stop watching the show the minute they killed the little Stark boys. i think ned stark probably makes this less likely of most viewers
1936	House Snow	2012-05-17	It had to be obvious, if I was a non-book-reader tv viewer, I'd stop watching the show the minute they killed the little Stark boys.I sort of think this too.  Two rules of TV/Movies.  Never kill kids and never kill dogs.
1937	summer_stark	2012-05-17	well, they killed lady and killed that infant in episode one and crasters in episode 2 this season.  and they DID kill two kids -- just two we hadn't met.  they would have come back either when they were revealed to be alive, or out of morbid curiosity.
1938	Alboin	2012-05-18	Two rules of TV/Movies.  Never kill kids and never kill dogs.Telll that to thousands of non-readers who demand Joffrey's death on facebook /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1939	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-18	It will be weird if B&R go back to the crypt though, cause that would be far more dangerous in the TV series trying to sneak back in once the chase is over.From Bran and Osha's comments it seemed to me the crypt is where they'll end up.  Bran said we can't hide here and Osha said there's no way we're ever going to be able to outrun Theon and the hounds... they can't run away, so they have to hide somewhere nearby...It was ruined when they had Bran make the comment that if Theon followed them to the farm then he would torture the farmers two children. It's obvious that the two kids were the farmers kids. In the books it's made frightening because Jojen dreamed of reek, the man with the long knife and the two faceless (? iirc...) children at his feet. Jojen got it right with the capture of Winterfell so we were primed to think it would come true, but not HOW it would come true. No Jojen, no dream, no reek, flat story telling = fail. Fail fail fail.Unless the characters in Theon's group on the show watched this specific epsiode of Game of Thrones on HBO they wouldnt have known about Rickon eating walnuts. Are walnuts the only food escaped little kids eat in the north or are these special walnuts that only Hodor can crack? It's some cheesetastic writing they did to "trick" the audience into thinking Brand and Co. actually ended up going where they just said they werent going. It was completely absurd.They botched it, seeing Bran and Rickon at the farm and then followed by Theon and crew - too many clues. They should left that story line after the 'its all just a game' scene, then return to the story at the end, slowly building up the tension at Winter that Theon has done some thing awful. Also having the bodies burnt so bad, made it too obvious - it increases the 'off-screen death' factor which TV audiances know rarely ever turn out to be the case. we needed to see facial features - you'd never be able to tell the difference anyway but it stops it looking like a cover up. Shame really, a cool turn of events burnt.They did. I think they should've given Bran another green dream, seeing as how his first one came true, which would've added a bit more to the credibility of it.Excellent points all.
1940	hugh57	2012-05-18	It seems to me that even if the people of Winterfell aren't buying into the idea that these bodies are those of Bran & Rickon, they are nonetheless bodies of two real children. That Theon is willing to kill two random children to advance his purposes may be enough to frighten them into submission. After all, they (or their children) could be next.
But as a viewer? Yeah, I have a hard time buying it. For one thing, where in the Seven Hells is Hodor? I have a hard time believing he would go anywhere without Bran, though I could believe Osha getting away. I guess Theon and his posse couldn't find a 7-foot tall farmer. And the thing with the walnuts was just silly, IMO. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
First post, BTW. Very interesting discussions here. :-)
1941	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-18	Hmmm, so I'll repeat what I said on another board. I cannot believe how many people were unconvinced while reading the books. I didn't think they were alive during my first (and only) read. It seemed essential to me. It was only after the reveal that I got used to (and increasingly annoyed by) GRRM's faux-deaths. They were the first fake-outs of the series right?Ooh now, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s an excellent question.  Whose are all the faked deaths in the series?  There are so many. Game: Ser Waymar Royce, killed by the Others Game: Dany, killed by walking into the flaming furnace that was Drogoâ<U+0080><U+0099>s pyreClash: Ramsey Snow, shot dead by the northmenClash: Bran and Rickon, dead by Theonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s orders and Ramsey-Reekâ<U+0080><U+0099>s handClash: Theon, dead at Ramseyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s handStorm: Tall Paul, killed by the OthersStorm: Lord Beric, dead in single combat with Sandor CleganeStorm: Ser Gregor Clegane, dead in single combat with the Red ViperStorm: Arya, felled by Sandorâ<U+0080><U+0099>s axe to the back of her headStorm: Lady Catelyn, slain with Robb at the Red WeddingStorm: Sandor Clegane, killed by the Mountainâ<U+0080><U+0099>s men at the Inn of the Crossroads and denied the gift of mercy by the Arya the unassassinette.Storm: King Renlyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s â<U+0080><U+009C>ghostâ<U+0080><U+009D> at the Battle of the Blackwater (ok, so this one is actually a double-fake: they faked faking his death by having Ser Lorasâ<U+0080><U+0099>s beefy brother Garland-of-Flowers dress up in Renlyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s armour)Feast: Brienne, hanged by Lady CatelynFeast: Davos, whose head and hands were removed and publicly displayed by Lord Manderly to appease the LannistersFeast: Ser Loras, mortally wounded when storming DragonstoneDance: Mance Rayder, burnt by Lady Melisandre and shot through the heart by Jon SnowDance: Rhaegarâ<U+0080><U+0099>s son Aegon, his head mutilated beyond recognition by Sandor CleganeDance: Lord Jon Connington, Rhaegarâ<U+0080><U+0099>s would-be boyfriend and Aerysâ<U+0080><U+0099>s erstwhile Hand who drank himself to death following his exile in the Free Cities following the Battle of the BellsDance: Daario, Jhogo, and Hero, hostages killed by being hurled by a trebuchet into the walls of MeereenDance: Stannis, dead in the Battle of WinterfellDance: Jon, assassinated in the forum by his loyal senators who were outraged by Jonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s appointment as dictator-for-lifeI bet Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve missed some, too. Sure is a lot of them, isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t is now?Izzio-Rizzinty?Aegon Targaryen Claims that heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s reallyPrince Rhaegarâ<U+0080><U+0099>s dead son.Despite this dubiousChronobiologySwift he comes conquering: Stormâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Endâ<U+0080><U+0099>s undone!
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 18 May 2012 - 03:53 PM.
1942	Crown	2012-05-18	My mom her reaction was: I wanna see Hodor and the wildling first, before I believe they are really dead. One friend of mine doesn't believe they're death either, and my other friend DOES believe they died.
1943	Roxane De	2012-05-18	In my opinion, when Dagmer shows the walnuts to Theon, it was just a way to pretend he found some important clue, we can even see Theon's puzzled face when Dagmer presents it to him, couple of seconds later he understands that he has to fake the whole thing. It can't be related to the fact that the children were eating walnuts, this was just to indicate that they could not stop to ask for food from the farmers (and also mislead you about the walnut Dagmer found, and apparently it worked !)
1944	WetHair	2012-05-18	Ooh now, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s an excellent question. Whose are all the faked deaths in the series? There are so many. Game: Ser Waymar Royce, killed by the Others Game: Dany, killed by walking into the flaming furnace that was Drogoâ<U+0080><U+0099>s pyreClash: Ramsey Snow, shot dead by the northmenClash: Bran and Rickon, dead by Theonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s orders and Ramsey-Reekâ<U+0080><U+0099>s handClash: Theon, dead at Ramseyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s handStorm: Tall Paul, killed by the OthersStorm: Lord Beric, dead in single combat with Sandor CleganeStorm: Ser Gregor Clegane, dead in single combat with the Red ViperStorm: Arya, felled by Sandorâ<U+0080><U+0099>s axe to the back of her headStorm: Lady Catelyn, slain with Robb at the Red WeddingStorm: Sandor Clegane, killed by the Mountainâ<U+0080><U+0099>s men at the Inn of the Crossroads and denied the gift of mercy by the Arya the unassassinette.Storm: King Renlyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s â<U+0080><U+009C>ghostâ<U+0080><U+009D> at the Battle of the Blackwater (ok, so this one is actually a double-fake: they faked faking his death by having Ser Lorasâ<U+0080><U+0099>s beefy brother Garland-of-Flowers dress up in Renlyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s armour)Feast: Brienne, hanged by Lady CatelynFeast: Davos, whose head and hands were removed and publicly displayed by Lord Manderly to appease the LannistersFeast: Ser Loras, mortally wounded when storming DragonstoneDance: Mance Rayder, burnt by Lady Melisandre and shot through the heart by Jon SnowDance: Rhaegarâ<U+0080><U+0099>s son Aegon, his head mutilated beyond recognition by Sandor CleganeDance: Lord Jon Connington, Rhaegarâ<U+0080><U+0099>s would-be boyfriend and Aerysâ<U+0080><U+0099>s erstwhile Hand who drank himself to death following his exile in the Free Cities following the Battle of the BellsDance: Daario, Jhogo, and Hero, hostages killed by being hurled by a trebuchet into the walls of MeereenDance: Stannis, dead in the Battle of WinterfellDance: Jon, assassinated in the forum by his loyal senators who were outraged by Jonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s appointment as dictator-for-lifeI bet Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve missed some, too. Sure is a lot of them, isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t is now?Izzio-Rizzinty?Aegon Targaryen Claims that heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s reallyPrince Rhaegarâ<U+0080><U+0099>s dead son.Despite this dubiousChronobiologySwift he comes conquering: Stormâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Endâ<U+0080><U+0099>s undone!But Ser Waymar Royce WAS killed by the Others............
1945	Carey Snow	2012-05-18	I have to admit, when I read the books the first time, I thought Bran and Rickon were killed but I re-read recently and it's incredibly obvious that they weren't if you read the books and actually pick up on what's happening instead of racing through to find out what happens next. The wall-nut thing was poor writing IMO. Either Dagmer knew that the boys had been there because of the walnuts, in which case they'd obviously just keep hunting as they knew they were on the trail. If Dagmer didn't think the walnuts belonged to the boys, why would he pick them up. Obviously they stuck them in to make people think they actually caught Bran and Rickon. But I reckon the whole 'walnut thing' was very clumsy writing.After the shock of  Ned's death, I thought they might have died also.... of course then I flipped ahead till I found a Bran chapter which made me think Martin was done killing main characters. Which left me unprepared for the RW. I imagine this same scenario will play out for the TV viewers.
					
					
							Edited by Carey Snow, 18 May 2012 - 08:07 PM.
1946	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-18	But Ser Waymar Royce WAS killed by the Others............Sure, but itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not like heâ<U+0080><U+0099>d let a little thing like death keep him down, now did he eh? ; )  See also Lord Beric and Lady Catelyn.And probably also Cthulhuâ<U+0080><U+0099>s avatar, Dagon Greyjoy.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 18 May 2012 - 08:08 PM.
1947	Marjie Eilie Myatt	2012-05-18	The fact that Rickon's eating walnuts on the way out of town isn't contrived merely for this episode.  Remember he was smashing walnuts in the great hall when Bran was giving audience to a bunch of folk who came with complaints.  So it's fine that he's eating walnuts on their escape, and for someone to find them at the farmhouse, however, Dagmer wasn't there when Bran was still lord of Winterfell, so unless Rickon has been a known walnut eater in public all this time, it's only the audience who know the walnuts can mean the boys, not the ironborn.
1948	bardgal	2012-05-19	At first I thought they did, because everyone on the board was saying how obvious it was that they were still alive. But none of my friends got that. I have a friend who is devastated that the little kids are dead, and I didn't correct him. Maybe I just have dumb friends. I thought the last scene was pretty powerful. I liked that ending...Theon's face and the dramatic music faded to black...sweet!All my non-book friends (and I have several), had the same reaction as well. All I said in response to when they said, "ZOMFGWTF! Theon really killed BRAN AND RICKON????" was, "No one is safe. Period. We lost three main characters last season, Ned Stark, King Robert, and Kahl Drogo." Thankfully, they took that as my answer. This will be reinforced just like in the book, with raven scrolls going far and wide on what Theon has done, which is why Asha/Yara says to him, "Every man in the North wants to see you hang."When I read that part of the book, I thought they were dead. I even thumbed through the book until I found the next BRAN chapter, which was pretty a good chunk of book.I get that people didn't belive that it was Bran & Rickon, but to say the reason is that they didn't "look real" I feel is silly. Theon still killed two kids. He didn't hang up fake props from the Westeros Weta Workshopâ<U+0084>c. And how many people have seen charred/tarred bodies of dead kids? How do you know they look fake?As for the walnuts - why would that be weird if there's a walnut tree in Winterfell, and Hodor is always eating them? We won't see them again until the end of the last episode when they come out of the crypts and discover the ruins of Winterfell. Great way to end the season.
					
					
							Edited by bardgal, 19 May 2012 - 01:59 AM.
1949	Victaerys Ironfist	2012-05-19	I don't reckon they botched it at all.
1950	Lord of Cheese	2012-05-19	For me, it was spoilt by Bran revealing that 'two winterfell orphans' were there with the millers and that Theon would torture them if he followed them there. It gave the audience an option to believe its not B+R, if the non-book audience was paying attention that is...
1951	Stanmore	2012-05-19	I was talking to a second non-book reading friend yesterday and he came right out and said "they're not dead are they? It's those 2 orphan boys from before." Didn't see much point being mysterious with him when he'd already worked it out. The first non-book reader I spoke to was also there and he reiterated that he hadn't even realised that the bodies were supposed to be Bran and Rikon. He'd assumed Theon was just setting an example by killing two random children in their place.
From my small sample group, if they were going for a suspenseful cliff hanger they failed.
					
					
							Edited by Stanmore, 19 May 2012 - 07:01 AM.
1952	Admiral Bolton	2012-05-19	I can only hope that, in the coming episodes, it becomes more obvious to non-book readers that it was meant to be Bran and Rickon up there.
1953	turdle	2012-05-19	I was talking to a second non-book reading friend yesterday and he came right out and said "they're not dead are they? It's those 2 orphan boys from before." Didn't see much point being mysterious with him when he'd already worked it out. The first non-book reader I spoke to was also there and he reiterated that he hadn't even realised that the bodies were supposed to be Bran and Rikon. He'd assumed Theon was just setting an example by killing two random children in their place. From my small sample group, if they were going for a suspenseful cliff hanger they failed.yeah, i think if they really wanted to better sell the idea that they were dead, they should have done like in the books. have word of bran and rikons death reach someone, AND THEN show the bodies. that way people will view the bodies more as confirmation of their deaths. even though i think they could have done a better job selling bran & rikon, i really don't think it's that big of deal if viewers don't believe it. just as long as they understand that the characters all believe it.
1954	Stanmore	2012-05-19	yeah, i think if they really wanted to better sell the idea that they were dead, they should have done like in the books. have word of bran and rikons death reach someone, AND THEN show the bodies. that way people will view the bodies more as confirmation of their deaths.even though i think they could have done a better job selling bran & rikon, i really don't think it's that big of deal if viewers don't believe it. just as long as they understand that the characters all believe it.That's true. A lot of the suspense comes from Cat's actions in the light of their "deaths". Even once we find out for sure that they're alive, watching Cat fall apart piece by piece is still very powerfu.
1955	Jerritus	2012-05-19	I have to admit, when I read the books the first time, I thought Bran and Rickon were killed but I re-read recently and it's incredibly obvious that they weren't if you read the books and actually pick up on what's happening instead of racing through to find out what happens next.The wall-nut thing was poor writing IMO. Either Dagmer knew that the boys had been there because of the walnuts, in which case they'd obviously just keep hunting as they knew they were on the trail. If Dagmer didn't think the walnuts belonged to the boys, why would he pick them up. Obviously they stuck them in to make people think they actually caught Bran and Rickon. But I reckon the whole 'walnut thing' was very clumsy writing.The wallnut thing was to fool Luwin that they found a clue as to where the kids were going, thus making it more believable to him that they had found and burned them.Or at least that's how I saw it.
1956	House Snow	2012-05-19	yeah, i think if they really wanted to better sell the idea that they were dead, they should have done like in the books. have word of bran and rikons death reach someone, AND THEN show the bodies. that way people will view the bodies more as confirmation of their deaths. even though i think they could have done a better job selling bran & rikon, i really don't think it's that big of deal if viewers don't believe it. just as long as they understand that the characters all believe it.I sort of agree with this.  I kinda think a similar thing was what was wrong with the Renly death scene too.  They should have shown Renly's death first and then had a scene later in the series where Mel gives birth to a shadow.  Perhaps too much foreshadowing on some of the death scenes.
1957	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-19	It's really a very subjective point.  For myself, I also thought they were dead when I read the books.  Happened to Ned when I never believed it would, why not his boys?  Plus I hadn't read far enough into the series to know that the basic rule is to ignore any claims of deaths that occur off-stage.  The gut reactions I've had to that and scenes like the reveal of Tysha's being exactly who Tyrion thought she was and not a whore after all, or the RW- moments when I felt surprised or shocked or sucker punched- are some of the things I like best about the series, so of course I think those gut and heart-wrenching moments are important to experience.  I don't see how anyone can appreciate or experience the full measure of this part of the story without feeling the air knocked out of him/her by the horror of Bran and Rickon's death at Theon's hand.  Or even moreso the murder of two innocent, completely insignificant (politically speaking) children.  Just isn't as powerful if your take is purely cerebral- just understanding how the people of Winterfell would feel, rather than feeling it oneself.  But again, that's just my preference.I also think it's important to experience Bran and Rickon's deaths in a very visceral way because I believe we are meant to despise Theon at this point in the story in the books, which is why, although I like some of the Theon scenes in this season (like the confrontation with Balon), I wish they hadn't been included, because I think it's far too early for us to sympathize with or feel an understanding for Theon and his behavior.  Again, purely subjective based on my experience as a reader, but I really hated him and thought he was a total dick at this point in the story- hopelessly irredeemable- and then came Reek.  Far more powerful to go through that portion of his story and start to actually root for him in ADWD- for Theon, for God's sake- having come from despising him more than any other character.
1958	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-19	But I have to brag on myself for a minute, and say that although I believed they were dead, I knew Bran had to come back somehow because so much had already gone into his dreams and powers.  My theory was that he'd somehow come back as a face in a weirwood tree... /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
1959	Lord of Cheese	2012-05-19	But I have to brag on myself for a minute, and say that although I believed they were dead, I knew Bran had to come back somehow because so much had already gone into his dreams and powers. My theory was that he'd somehow come back as a face in a weirwood tree... /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />Yes, iirc it was Jon who sees Bran in the weirwood tree. And the readers (quite a few i imagine, and me included) all thought it was Bran who had become part of the trees now that he was dead.
1960	Fengari	2012-05-20	This is the first time I think they really dropped the ball completely.
Even if it may have been doubtful in the books (I admit I was totally fooled, but with my rereads I understand people who are more attentive to detail may not have been) I feel it would have been much more powerful for the series if non-book readers had actually believed they were dead for a week, then start doubting it the next episode when seeing the bodies are unrecognisable. From what I have seen, very few of them are fooled. The opposite, some don't even realise the bodies were supposed to be Bran and Rickon.
I would have liked to see:
- Theon refusing to give up the chase even though the trace has gone cold
- Catelyn getting the message the boys were dead
And then the next episode:
- the bodies on display in Winterfell, maybe with someone (Luwin? Yara?) questioning if he had to disfigure them so they were not even recognisable anymore (for those who wouldn't ask that question themselves...)
With how they did it, I'm not even sure what they were aiming for. Having Bran mention the orphan boys, and showing them at the farm when Theon was there, really set the viewers up for not believing it an instant. So if we were not meant to believe it, what was the walnut for? Only to trick Maester Luwin?
1961	bikie	2012-05-20	not claiming to be the most hyper-aware book reader, but when I read this segment in the book, it one of my "comatose" moments where I just stared off in the distance at what GRRM had done to me... when I saw the Bran chapter later on in the book, I was shocked and confused...
I haven't spoken to a single non-book reader who thins they are dead... bran pointing out it is the place he sent the orphans is like a vegas splashy sign, telling the audience, "it's not them!!"
I think it was a major blown opportunity by the show to give the audience a great charge and further feeling of unpredictability in the show... I just don't see why they didn't leave it to the audience to recognize the farmer as the same one bran spoke to in the last episode... letting them put together it was this guy that bran sent the orphans too... why even bother feigning their death if you didn't give the audience any reason to believe in it?
it also shows you that if the producers of the show didn't trust the audience to remember the farmer from one episode before, it's no secret why they didn't give us the arya vs tickler scene in another season!!!
1962	dansnow	2012-05-20	For me that was the most shocking scene in all 5 books, the tv series didn't do it justice, way to obvious it wasn't Bran/Rickon.
1963	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-20	Quite right, dansnow, for me it was second only to Jaime's revelation to Tyrion that Tysha wasn't a whore after all, and all the implications that truth held for Tyrion.
1964	romantic	2012-05-20	Dance: Rhaegarâ<U+0080><U+0099>s son Aegon, his head mutilated beyond recognition by Sandor Clegane Great summary of deaths/fake deaths but it was Sandor's brother, Ser Gregor accused of doing this.
1965	MCSmarties	2012-06-07	Seems to me that the many people who think D&D botched Bran & Rickon's "death" fall into two camps:The bodies don't look anything like Bran & RickonThe bodies were too obviously fake (as in, don't look like dead bodies rather than don't look like a particular character)Me, I think that scene was horrifying enough exactly as shown.To the two points above, I would argue:re 1. - just what would have been more "Bran and Rickon-like"? Westeros doesn't have plastic surgery, how else could Theon possibly doctor up the miller boys' bodies to make them more "accurate"? (churns my stomach just thinking about it) One thing the show could have done - but would have required some thought in much earlier episodes - is to include some McGuffin - dunno, a particular object (jewelry? pocket knife?) clearly shown to belong to the Stark boys, then have Theon prominently display it after the slaughter. Very cliche, though.re 2. - The show is already pushing the envelope as it is, could they really get away with showing realistic! corpes!! of LESS-THAN-TEN-YEAR-OLD KIDS!!! on TV? Maybe I'm more squeamish than others, but I really, really did not want to watch a mutilated-yet-still-recognizable child's body dangling on a rope, thank you very much... /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />
					
					
							Edited by MCSmarties, 07 June 2012 - 05:29 PM.
1966	Little Miss Sunshine	2012-05-14	Ramsay Snow - the same person?
After tonight's episode, the feeling some of us had that Dagmer and Ramsay Snow are gonna be one and the same person in TV series just got a lot bigger. Mostly due to the fact that he's taking Ramsay's role on suggesting to Theon that they fake the Bran's and Rickon's deaths.
Also, on the previous episode, Roose Bolton said to Robb that Ser Rodrik had been killed, however Maester Luwin sent the raven before Rodrik was beheaded. How could he have known that, then? (or was it just a sequence error?)
Thoughts, anyone? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1967	dreamcatcher	2012-05-14	Sarah Hughes from The Guardian thinks there's more to Dagmer than meets the eye... http://www.guardian....n?newsfeed=trueI also think that the actor playing Roose and Dagmer look kind of alike (look at the pictures of the actors)If it's true, it's a good trick by D&D - fooling even us! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I just rewatched the part where Dagmer holds poor Maester Luwin looking at the burnt boys. The expression on Dagmer's face is pure evil. Are they really casting Ramsay - it seems to me Dagmar wasn't this twisted fuck in the books.
					
					
							Edited by dreamcatcher, 14 May 2012 - 08:00 PM.
1968	turdle	2012-05-14	i'm going with dagmer = little/big walder frey
1969	Sxxman	2012-05-14	Interesting theory because he does have all the traits of Ramsay but I only have one problem and that is that Dagmar looks too old (his actor is 42) to be Roose's bastard son.   They look more like brothers than father and son.
					
					
							Edited by Sxxman, 14 May 2012 - 08:26 PM.
1970	White Harbors Wrath	2012-05-14	Probably the single worst theory in the history of the internet...and this is the same internet slinging stuff around about Sopranos...some of that stuff was really out there...
The idea that someone who:
-is as old looking as his father
-infiltrated Pyke to a degree/length of time that no other Iron Men questioned him being the first mate of the boat when they don't even respect their kings son enough to listen to him
-in case Robb Stark decided to send Theon back to Pyke
...nvm...this cant be real...I'm almost convinced this is a trolling theory at this point.
1971	White Harbors Wrath	2012-05-14	There is a small chance however that Dagmer is Shireen.
1972	SpaA<U+009F>vogel	2012-05-14	Yeah, I can see why people would think this was true, and if it turned out to be true, I wouldn't be too horrified, but I don't see how Ramsay could be in the Pyke.
1973	Envie	2012-05-14	No, I don't think Dagmer is Ramsay 'in disguise' - but I'm willing to entertain the idea they've merged some of Ramsay's actions and scenes into Dagmer's 'role' in the series that they didn't have time to portray in the series.
They will bring Ramsay in next season the way they are delaying some other characters as well. They've also moved up a few plots from the third book. This re-arranging is fine for the sake of filming and continuity, plus it would be hard to make an entire season only around the events of this one book. Merging the two books somewhat is a good idea since so much happens.
1974	WetHair	2012-05-14	White Harbor's Wrath:  I think the odds that Dagmer is Shireen are at least the same that he is Ramsay if not slightly better.  VERY good catch as she hasn't been cast either.
Turdle!  Big/Little Walder are eight years old!  At this time maybe they are seven. 
On Theon's demand Maester Luwin sent ravens to his father at Pyke and sister at Deepwood Motte telling of his victory and either Luwin took that to mean he should e-raven everyone on the planet or Theon later told him to announce it to all and sundry.  In those e-ravens he must have mentioned Ser Rodrik since Roose told Robb he had ravens from two or three places all saying the same thing.  Of course how the ravens found Robb out somewhere "in the field" is another question entirely.
We don't know that Asha doesn't know Dagmer, do we?
Nah, Dagmer can't actually be Ramsay even thiough he is playing Ramsay's pre-sack role.  And Roose finally mentioned his Bastard so hopefully he will get with the game plan.  I'd hate to think that along with forgetting it was his idea to "kill"  Ned Stark's little boys (though in this version I could see why he would forget as it wasn't...) he also forgot that he was a large part of the story.  That would be unforgiveable.
But what IS Dagmer's angle?  It would be intriguing if Asha hired him to stir up trouble for Theon.
1975	Triskan	2012-05-14	There isn't much that could get me to stop watching the show, but this insanely idiotic theory coming true would be one of them.
1976	House Snow	2012-05-14	Can someone remind me how Ramseys men got into Winterfell.  Didn't someone on the inside let them in?  If so who is going to let them in this time?
1977	Toccs	2012-05-14	Dagmer definately isn't Ramsay, they've merely shifted some of Ramsay's story beats onto Dagmer in the the same way the Merra and Jorjen have been divided up between Bran and Osha so far.
My guess is that Ramsay will show up in the last episode and punch out Theon looking like a hero, until he then begins burning Winterfell.  I would say that in the same episode we will have Roose finally arrive at Harrenhall, which would from that point remove all ambiguity of the Bolton's evil to any non book readers.
					
					
							Edited by Toccs, 14 May 2012 - 09:56 PM.
1978	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-14	Theon's men let him in. Ramsay was pretending to be reek and get help. His men killed the stark host outside the gate and Theon's  men let him in with him yelling not to at the last second
1979	tfoxx22	2012-05-14	There is a small chance however that Dagmer is Shireen.lol ^I agree with you that there is no way that Ramsay and Dagmer could be the same person, its just too much of a stretch and I agree that it would take way too much time and guessing for Ramsay to go to pyke and somehow become a first mate on a possibility that Theon would go back there.
1980	Faraday	2012-05-14	There isn't much that could get me to stop watching the show, but this insanely idiotic theory coming true would be one of them.^^^ this. It's like something you'd see on Dexter. I mean things for the theory are...Dagmar is acting a bit like Reek. Cool. Makes sense. Why ignore the list of things that make it so obviously untrue? Le sigh.
1981	House Snow	2012-05-14	Theon's men let him in. Ramsay was pretending to be reek and get help. His men killed the stark host outside the gate and Theon's  men let him in with him yelling not to at the last secondSo how are they going to do in the show without the inside guy?
1982	Toccs	2012-05-14	I'm guessing Ramsay and his soldiers will fight their way in.  The show seems to be presenting the idea that Ramsay is loyally following Robb's orders to retake Winterfell, I think he will be shown as a hero right up until the moment he starts burning the place.
1983	tfoxx22	2012-05-14	I'm guessing Ramsay and his soldiers will fight their way in. The show seems to be presenting the idea that Ramsay is loyally following Robb's orders to retake Winterfell, I think he will be shown as a hero right up until the moment he starts burning the place.I like that idea, or he is the hero until he stabs Maester Luwin or someone, then begins to ransack Winterfell and burn it to the ground.
1984	ThePickler	2012-05-14	Looks sadistic enough but pretty damn old.
1985	eyeheartsansa	2012-05-14	Roose has already told Robb, don't worry, I'll be sending my bastard up things to take care of things while you're fighting down here.
We will see Ramsey very soon, I'm confident.  I expect they aren't announcing his casting because it would be a spoiler.  'Reek' is going to just look like some random extra.
Dagmer is an Ironborn ship captain who takes orders from Balon Greyjoy.. different person.
They're changing lots of stuff around, but Reek/Ramsey is kind of a big deal and just too terrifying not to put in the show.
1986	Davos55	2012-05-15	I think at the end of the season, Ramsay (probably an extra with a helmet on) will kill Dagmer and this theory will forever be put to death.
1987	HouseLark	2012-05-15	If the Dagmer/Ramsey theory does turn out to be true there are going to be some backstory questions that demand answers. If we are to assume that Dagmer is Ramsey then we can only assume that he was sent by Roose to the Iron Islands to intercept Theon and persuade him into attacking Winterfell. If that's true, then besides the questions about why the other Iron Born aren't suspicious of Theon's mysterious lieutenant, the Lannister-Bolton-Frey plot starts to make no sense at all.
Bolton might have designs on the Warden of the North title but no other Northmen would seek to depose the Starks so they are utterly isolated. They only gain strength by allying with the Frey's, but the Frey's only defect once it becomes apparent that Robb has broken his vow to marry a Frey. That is the juncture at which opportunity presents itself to Roose Bolton and that would be the point when he moves people into a position to take Winterfell. If Dagmer is Ramsey then it would require us to assume that Roose Bolton set his plan in motion long before he even knew he would have the slightest possibility of carrying it through. Maybe Roose can see the future in TV GoT.
The one thing that I am now sure of is that Reek will not turn up until Theon takes on that persona. I don't think this will hurt the story, the Ramsey/Reek thing requires a lot of background to fully understand and it's now superfluous given that Dagmer is the one urging Theon to be a cruel and ruthless leader.
One issue is still outstanding: if Dagmer isn't Ramsey, how will the Bolton's take Winterfell? Theon could hold it against Ramsay's putative force of 300 with his own limited number of Iron Born. Maybe Luwin will open the gates to the Northmen thinking that they are liberators.
1988	Terminated	2012-05-15	He is older than Bolton (check actor age)
Ramsay is 'at the Dreadfort' (Ep6)
But I'm getting convinced that Talisa is actually Patchface
- two A's in each name
- we didn't see Patchface yet
- she knows stuff, so does Patch
- the fish of the Tully is brighter when bravoosi unicorns dance with Tywin
1989	Jayaris	2012-05-15	If this is the case I hope we get a prequel - Ramsay Snow and the Ironborn : Deep CoverThat is to say I think this idea is ludicrous and it would ruin the show for me.
					
					
							Edited by Jayaris, 15 May 2012 - 04:09 AM.
1990	Michaelj	2012-05-15	I think dagmer has a hidden motive even if he isn't Ramsay.
1991	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-15	I think at the end of the season, Ramsay (probably an extra with a helmet on) will kill Dagmer and this theory will forever be put to death.Agreed. It's a common way to set up a real bad guy: have him obliterate the one the audience thought was bad. Ramsay did it to Theon, and I could easily see Red Helm/Ramsay Snow doing it to Dagmer and Theon both.As for Dagmer's motivation, can he not just be a bit of an immoral dick, taking Ironborn customs up to eleven? He's a veteran Ironborn raider, the way none of the others (including Black "I was reaving and raping while you were still in Balon's balls" Lorren) challenge him.
1992	House Snow	2012-05-15	Agreed. It's a common way to set up a real bad guy: have him obliterate the one the audience thought was bad. Ramsay did it to Theon, and I could easily see Red Helm/Ramsay Snow doing it to Dagmer and Theon both.As for Dagmer's motivation, can he not just be a bit of an immoral dick, taking Ironborn customs up to eleven? He's a veteran Ironborn raider, the way none of the others (including Black "I was reaving and raping while you were still in Balon's balls" Lorren) challenge him.I'm not so sure about that though, b/c the preview from the next episode suggest ASha is going to tell Theon he went too far even for an ironborn.  Plus the show made a pretty big deal how hard it would be to take Winterfell 500 can keep out 10000 or something like that.  Still kind of sounds like someone will let them in.
1993	Peasant Rebel Leader	2012-05-15	I was on this theory, but then they namedropped the Bastard of Bolton.
It is however true that Dagmer takes a lot of Ramsay's Characteristics from the books. He is the one to advise the killing of the Miller's Boys, he's the "bad" advice in Theon's ear. They needed to have someone like that, and since they didn't want to introduce Reek/Ramsay, an Ironborn had to take that role. They decided to name him Dagmer.
And that is all there is. Sometimes, some things are just what they seem to be!
All the indicators for the theory can be explained by having Dagmer taking over Reeks Advisor role, so why should there be more?
					
					
							Edited by Peasant Rebel Leader, 15 May 2012 - 07:08 AM.
1994	Greywolf2375	2012-05-15	As has been said by others, I think they have merged characteristics and some plot/dialogue devices, but I am really hoping the two characters are separate.  Maybe they can figure out a way to make it work IF they decided to go this route, but it'd be really disappointing if they did given some of the questions it would generate that would need major /handwaving to answer,
1995	White Harbors Wrath	2012-05-15	I was on this theory, but then they namedropped the Bastard of Bolton.It is however true that Dagmer takes a lot of Ramsay's Characteristics from the books. He is the one to advise the killing of the Miller's Boys, he's the "bad" advice in Theon's ear. They needed to have someone like that, and since they didn't want to introduce Reek/Ramsay, an Ironborn had to take that role. They decided to name him Dagmer.And that is all there is. Sometimes, some things are just what they seem to be!All the indicators for the theory can be explained by having Dagmer taking over Reeks Advisor role, so why should there be more?Why everyone didn't automatically assume this...and went flying right into the Ramger is an elite Ironborn infiltrating super spy theory is baffling. Theon needed the whispers in his ear and they didn't want to deal with another multi-season cast member a season too early. Seems pretty obvious.
1996	Mediumjon Umber	2012-05-15	Here's my theory: Ramsay is disguised as Rose.Evidence:We haven't seen Rose since Ramsay mentioned his bastard at the Dreadfort. Ergo, Ramsay is on his way back to the North.Both Rose and Ramsay are Northeners.Both names start with an R."Rose" is obviously a clever homage to Roose.Clever, HBO, but it's still a predictable twist.
1997	eyeheartsansa	2012-05-15	We haven't seen Rose since Ramsay mentioned his bastard at the Dreadfort. Ergo, Ramsay is on his way back to the North.yes we have!
1998	NeilSpoon	2012-05-15	No, I don't think Dagmer is Ramsay 'in disguise' - but I'm willing to entertain the idea they've merged some of Ramsay's actions and scenes into Dagmer's 'role' in the series that they didn't have time to portray in the series.They will bring Ramsay in next season the way they are delaying some other characters as well. They've also moved up a few plots from the third book. This re-arranging is fine for the sake of filming and continuity, plus it would be hard to make an entire season only around the events of this one book. Merging the two books somewhat is a good idea since so much happens.This seems spot on to me.Ramsey being in Pike makes no sense
1999	Elaena Targaryen	2012-05-15	Well then can any of the nay sayers explain if he really is Dagmer then why does he not have a cleftjaw? What now, nothing to say? Mmm..M that's what I thought, you can't explain it can you?  /spank.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':spank:' /> Seriously though I don't believe this theory, and it never crossed my mind, but I did wonder why they did not portray that Theon knows Dagmer and that's why he trusts him. It makes sense now that Dagmer is filling Ramsey's shoes because Theon did not know Reek/Ramsey and let Reek influence him down this dark path. It's keeping with Theon's character so Dagmer may not need any hidden agenda or hidden identity.
2000	HouseLark	2012-05-15	And that is all there is. Sometimes, some things are just what they seem to be!Pff, this loser clearly doesn't know how the internet works! /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />Here's a little primer: nothing is what it seems in anything, ever. Every detail must be pored over, analysed and re-analysed until someone calls someone else an idiot. How else do you think the R+L=J thread has got to it's 300th iteration with 2 million posts?Seriously though, I agree with you. Dagmer probably just is what he appears to be; a massive vindictive prick who has seen a chance to gain influence with Balon Greyjoy's son.
2001	Mulled Wino	2012-05-15	If the Dagmer/Ramsey theory does turn out to be true there are going to be some backstory questions that demand answers. If we are to assume that Dagmer is Ramsey then we can only assume that he was sent by Roose to the Iron Islands to intercept Theon and persuade him into attacking Winterfell. If that's true, then besides the questions about why the other Iron Born aren't suspicious of Theon's mysterious lieutenant, the Lannister-Bolton-Frey plot starts to make no sense at all.Bolton might have designs on the Warden of the North title but no other Northmen would seek to depose the Starks so they are utterly isolated. They only gain strength by allying with the Frey's, but the Frey's only defect once it becomes apparent that Robb has broken his vow to marry a Frey. That is the juncture at which opportunity presents itself to Roose Bolton and that would be the point when he moves people into a position to take Winterfell. If Dagmer is Ramsey then it would require us to assume that Roose Bolton set his plan in motion long before he even knew he would have the slightest possibility of carrying it through. Maybe Roose can see the future in TV GoT.The one thing that I am now sure of is that Reek will not turn up until Theon takes on that persona. I don't think this will hurt the story, the Ramsey/Reek thing requires a lot of background to fully understand and it's now superfluous given that Dagmer is the one urging Theon to be a cruel and ruthless leader.One issue is still outstanding: if Dagmer isn't Ramsey, how will the Bolton's take Winterfell? Theon could hold it against Ramsay's putative force of 300 with his own limited number of Iron Born. Maybe Luwin will open the gates to the Northmen thinking that they are liberators.that or maybe it will happen after roose comes north...I also agree that the reek story won't lose any tv appeal if the reek persona starts with theon.
2002	Mulled Wino	2012-05-15	Here's my theory: Ramsay is disguised as Rose.Evidence:We haven't seen Rose since Ramsay mentioned his bastard at the Dreadfort. Ergo, Ramsay is on his way back to the North.Both Rose and Ramsay are Northeners.Both names start with an R."Rose" is obviously a clever homage to Roose.Clever, HBO, but it's still a predictable twist.Who is Rose?
2003	Frumpus	2012-05-15	I'm sorry, but Dagmer = Ramsay is one of the worst theories of all time.
Just because a character has taken over some parts of a book character's role does not mean they are the same character. People need to realize that the tv show and the books are separate entities. If Ramsay even appears next season, he will be a shell of the character we all know and hate from the books, and there most certainly won't be a Theon ADwD storyline in later seasons (no Jeyne Poole + no Wyman Manderly + the idea that they can tell Alfie Allen to take a few years off = no Theon story).
2004	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	Who is Rose?She sank the Titanic I think
2005	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	dagmar is simply a plot device for Theon to work around.  He is the devil to Luwins angel.  he will die at Ramsey's hand, it is known.
2006	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	APropos of little, Theon killed B &R, partially because he knew it was the one thing his father would have approved of.  So in a small way Dagmar echos Balon
					
					
							Edited by SerMixalot, 15 May 2012 - 11:48 AM.
2007	Mulled Wino	2012-05-15	She sank the Titanic I thinkMovie or real thing?
2008	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	Both  in the movie she stood on the bow and then ran to the stern causing the ship to turn over
in real life, it was the Blue Rose of the Wall that broke when the Horn of Loud Booms was blown creating an Iceberg that sailed down the nameless sea where the Titanic ran into it.
Perhaps Billy Zane will play Victarion
2009	Mulled Wino	2012-05-15	Both  in the movie she stood on the bow and then ran to the stern causing the ship to turn overin real life, it was the Blue Rose of the Wall that broke when the Horn of Loud Booms was blown creating an Iceberg that sailed down the nameless sea where the Titanic ran into it.Perhaps Billy Zane will play Victarionshe sank the movie faster IMO. Billy Zane would have been a perfect Xaro Ducksauce if they would have stuck to the book description.
2010	Isabella Stark	2012-05-15	This guy argues Dagmar=Ramsey.http://www.tvequals....t-honor-review/I sort of like the idea, because I really enjoyed Ramsey's switcharoo in the books and there really does seem to be something more to Dagmar.But I don't like it because (1) the actor seems to old to be Roose's son; and (2) it's not satisfactory that Ramsey would have established himself at Pyke early enough to pull this off. It also would suggest that Roose decided to betray Robb very early on; whereas I've always thought Roose was onboard with Robb as long as Robb was successful, and only decided to betray him when it began to appear that Robb would not succeed.
2011	White Harbors Wrath	2012-05-15	I like how he argues that his version would be "cooler". It's actually just lame, and I expect better of this show than Sons of Anarchy style "gotcha!" moments, even w/ all the other changes.
2012	The Warlock Mooreflo	2012-05-15	Honestly, I can see this happen & think it could work.
If I remember correctly we dont know too much about Ramsey's mother other then she was a millers wife & Roose decided to do the banned tradition of the "First Night'
Have they no Mills in Pyke? Yes it would be another change from the books but really inconsequential to the main story.
Lets also not forget that Roose was with Robb when he decided to send Theon to Pyke.
2013	White Harbors Wrath	2012-05-15	Actually Theon suggested it when they were alone after his bannermen left. Then Robb justified it to his mother...I don't remember Roose being anywhere near them.
2014	The Warlock Mooreflo	2012-05-15	I didnt mean literally in the room, moreso geographically which would lead me to believe that Roose was in-the-know.
2015	White Harbors Wrath	2012-05-15	Oivey.
2016	Isabella Stark	2012-05-15	I keep thinking about this theory (rather than working).
I think the idea is that when Robb sent Theon to Pyke, Roose agreed with Cat's assessment that Theon was not trustworthy.  (Roose wasn't necessarily present when the decision was made; Theon being sent to Pyke is the sort of thing that would be generally known to Robb's commanders.) So Roose sent Ramsey over to Pyke to keep an eye on Theon and try to capitalize on the situation.
I have found the show's treatment of Dagmar kind of weird. 
- We haven't seen him interact with any other Ironborn. 
- I think book-Theon knew Dagmar from childhood, but tv-Theon did not already know Dagmar. Pointless change? or was there a reason?
- Unlike the other Ironborn, Dagmar seems awfully eager to help and advise Theon.  If they had a relationship that dated back to Theon's childhood, as in the books, that kind of makes sense. But what is tv-Dagmar's motivation?
- Dagmar gets these lingering close-ups after each piece of evil advice.
I'm still on the fence about this theory, but I liked the way Ramsey snuck into the story, so I'd love for the show to be able to pull that off succesfully.
2017	Rob Snow	2012-05-15	I'm sorry, but Dagmer = Ramsay is one of the worst theories of all time.Just because a character has taken over some parts of a book character's role does not mean they are the same character. People need to realize that the tv show and the books are separate entities. If Ramsay even appears next season, he will be a shell of the character we all know and hate from the books, and there most certainly won't be a Theon ADwD storyline in later seasons (no Jeyne Poole + no Wyman Manderly + the idea that they can tell Alfie Allen to take a few years off = no Theon story).I agree with the first part of your post, but as far as Alfie Allen not returning to play Reek/Theon in the ADwD Storyline, I don't think it's a done dealOther HBO series (most prominiently the Wire) placed popular characters on hiatus for a season or more at a time, and brought them back as the plot called for them.If D & D are as smart as I think they are, they see the benefit in having a fine actor like Allen breath life into one of the most intriguing characters in the ASOIAF universe and do whatever it takes to retain his services.
2018	I'll pay the iron price	2012-05-15	I'm wondering if Asha (Yara) will turn up an berate her brother for his actions and refuse to give him many (if any) men.
Perhaps she'll ask Dagmer to come with her and he'll initially refuse.
However when Ramsay turns up he'll change his mind and let Ramsay in saying "this is nowt to do with me - that Theon is a mad bugger" and leg it
Just a thought
2019	Jayaris	2012-05-15	I keep thinking about this theory (rather than working).I think the idea is that when Robb sent Theon to Pyke, Roose agreed with Cat's assessment that Theon was not trustworthy.  (Roose wasn't necessarily present when the decision was made; Theon being sent to Pyke is the sort of thing that would be generally known to Robb's commanders.) So Roose sent Ramsey over to Pyke to keep an eye on Theon and try to capitalize on the situation.I have found the show's treatment of Dagmar kind of weird.- We haven't seen him interact with any other Ironborn.- I think book-Theon knew Dagmar from childhood, but tv-Theon did not already know Dagmar. Pointless change? or was there a reason?- Unlike the other Ironborn, Dagmar seems awfully eager to help and advise Theon.  If they had a relationship that dated back to Theon's childhood, as in the books, that kind of makes sense. But what is tv-Dagmar's motivation?- Dagmar gets these lingering close-ups after each piece of evil advice.I'm still on the fence about this theory, but I liked the way Ramsey snuck into the story, so I'd love for the show to be able to pull that off succesfully.I honestly think people are at the point where they're just looking for possible 'character combinations' everywhere.It would be a massive liability for Roose to send his only son to the Ironborn Islands, according to the story no messages were getting in or out of the Iron Islands while Balon was preparing his invasion, I find it unlikely that an unknown ship is allowed to land and a random man is join service in the naval forces.How does Dagmer keep in contact with his father? Is there a complex drop-off communication system, such a thing would require weeks or months of planning.Roose strikes me as a sensible man, not the kind of man to send his only son/stand-by Northern military leader off on some spy mission on off-chance that it helps him out. He has no way of knowing Dagmer's assignment beforehand or even the extent of Balon's plan.Dagmer has definitely taken on some of the initial role of Ramsay, to give a more accurate representation of Theon's character in terms of decision making.The other reason I think it is unlikely that HBO would opt for this even if they wanted to create this ridiculous back-story is the cost.It's cheaper for them to hire a supporting character such as Dagmer for a season.Than is for it to be Ramsay Bolton and have him paid for Season 2 as one of the more important characters.And doesn't really add anything to the story beyond a boat-load of questions.Edit : It's clear the real purpose of Dagmer is that he was a faceless man and his mission on the Iron Islands was to sabotage the bridge that Balon later dies on. And he's now off to assassinate someone else after he's done messing about with Theon..
					
					
							Edited by Jayaris, 15 May 2012 - 03:20 PM.
2020	dreamcatcher	2012-05-15	Dagmer looks way younger than Roose to me. Like 15 years younger, at least.
2021	Michaelj	2012-05-15	Dagmer looks way younger than Roose to me. Like 15 years younger, at least.Agreed. I was looking at the pictures and despite Roose being younger he looks about 55, while Dagmer looks early 30s to me.
2022	Jon Dragonskin	2012-05-15	Maybe it will be like this... someone will siege Winterfell and the season will and with Theon sending Dagmer to search for help... Then when he comes back he turned his cloak and will do the same that Ramsay does in the book, aid Theon then put the castle to the sword....
2023	Seekrit Targaryen	2012-05-15	Ramsay and Dagmer are both time-travelling Faceless Man Arya Stark, who is also Syrio Forell and Jaqen H'gar.
2024	Michaelj	2012-05-15	Maybe it will be like this... someone will siege Winterfell and the season will and with Theon sending Dagmer to search for help... Then when he comes back he turned his cloak and will do the same that Ramsay does in the book, aid Theon then put the castle to the sword....Or maybe hes already turned his cloak? Otherwise is he generally trying to be helpful towards Theon?
2025	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	there reall y are no clues in the scene introducing dagmar, but it seems a 1st mate would be well known and experienced on the iron isles
2026	Werthead	2012-05-15	The actor playing Dagmer is 43. I don't know how old Michael McElhatton (who plays Roose) is but he could be in his late 50s, which makes it possible. Unlikely, but possible.
To be honest, the main reason I think some people want this to be true is that Ralph Ineson would actually make a brilliant Ramsay. Anyone familiar from his previous UK television and film work, where he has not infrequently played psychopaths and nutjobs, knows that he would absolutely kill it. But I have to agree, it is highly improbable.
2027	House Snow	2012-05-15	It would definitely take explaining.  Devils advocate would say he only told Theon he was his first mate and noone else.  The other thing is that I could have sworn  
	Spoiler  we see a scene in one of HBO making of videos (maybe the Theon one) where it looks like somone has let the troops into Winterfell along with flayed men statues on the wall with Theon looking like he expects it-as opposed to looking horrified.  If that is the case who in the world let them in. I can't think of anyone besides Dagmer  EDIT:  Never mind I watched it again, those were the kids in the preview-so maybe its Yara coming to visit him 

					
					
							Edited by House Snow, 15 May 2012 - 05:56 PM.
2028	mcb	2012-05-15	To be honest, the main reason I think some people want this to be true is that Ralph Ineson would actually make a brilliant Ramsay. Anyone familiar from his previous UK television and film work, where he has not infrequently played psychopaths and nutjobs, knows that he would absolutely kill it.I did recognize him as Chris Finch, but didn't know about his other roles.Still, Finchy was more or less the same caliber of an arsehole, fortunately without a sword.
2029	Michaelj	2012-05-15	It would definitely take explaining.  Devils advocate would say he only told Theon he was his first mate and noone else.  The other thing is that I could have sworn  
	Spoiler  we see a scene in one of HBO making of videos (maybe the Theon one) where it looks like somone has let the troops into Winterfell along with flayed men statues on the wall with Theon looking like he expects it-as opposed to looking horrified.  If that is the case who in the world let them in. I can't think of anyone besides Dagmer 
Hah unless Ramsay arrives at the gate and declares his undying loyalty towards Theon and Theon being the imbicille he is, says "Please come in!!!"I'm interested in the link you saw this in btw? Its just I can't imagine HBO releasing that so early.
					
					
							Edited by Michaelj, 15 May 2012 - 05:54 PM.
2030	House Snow	2012-05-15	I watched it again 
	Spoiler  what I thought were flayed men statues the first time around were actually the burned kids.  Its from the House Greyjoy video where some horses came through the gate.  ITs probably Yara's people so back to the drawing board.
2031	Elaena Targaryen	2012-05-15	I'm sorry, but Dagmer = Ramsay is one of the worst theories of all time.Just because a character has taken over some parts of a book character's role does not mean they are the same character. People need to realize that the tv show and the books are separate entities. If Ramsay even appears next season, he will be a shell of the character we all know and hate from the books, and there most certainly won't be a Theon ADwD storyline in later seasons (no Jeyne Poole + no Wyman Manderly + the idea that they can tell Alfie Allen to take a few years off = no Theon story).The ADWD story line will be meshed with AFFC because they run in tandem ( up to a point ) and the first Reek chapter would be very early in the timeline sequence. So Theon would really only be gone for season three but they could show scenes anyway, they have shown scenes for other characters that have not been in the books ( or off screen ), and they don't need to make us think he died to surprise us with Reek. Not to mention if Alfie/Theon is popular they can always change the storyline like they did for Dany, because Alfie Allen has done an amazing job it could happen.
2032	Isabella Stark	2012-05-15	To be honest, the main reason I think some people want this to be true is that Ralph Ineson would actually make a brilliant Ramsay. Anyone familiar from his previous UK television and film work, where he has not infrequently played psychopaths and nutjobs, knows that he would absolutely kill it. But I have to agree, it is highly improbable.I've noticed British viewers getting excited to see Ineson.  Which adds to my suspicions. Unless Winterfell doesn't get sacked, Dagmar leaves with Yara, Dagmar survives the sack or there's some other major departure from the novel, he's dead by the end of the season.  Seems a rather small role for this actor....I rewatched the Theon meeting Dagmar scene, and I think it's suggestive.- The crew comes out of a tavern/ inn (?) laughing about something.- Close behind them is a cloaked figure who walks around the corner.- The crew has no respect for Theon.- Yara talks to Theon.- While Yara is speaking with Theon, Dagmar comes around the corner from where the cloaked figure went.  Something behind Theon in the general direction of Dagmar seems to catch Yara's eye, but I can't read her expression.  She doesn't wave and say, "Hey Dagmar."  - Dagmar lingers in the tavern doorway until Yara leaves. Then he comes up and introduces himself as Theon's first mate.- While they're talking, the crew are watching and laughing.Perhaps Dagmar convinced the crew to pretend he's the first mate as a test/ joke on Theon to see if he's so dumb he doesn't realize his "first mate" isn't even an Iron Islander. (Or maybe he just bribed them.)  And Theon fell for it.I'll admit it's farfetched, but really, so's the book /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2033	Ramsay Gimp	2012-05-15	I'll admit it's farfetched, but really, so's the book /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />How is what happens in the book far-fetched?
2034	Sir Cadogan	2012-05-15	What?Perhaps Dagmar convinced the crew to pretend he's the first mate as a test/ joke on Theon to see if he's so dumb he doesn't realize his "first mate" isn't even an Iron Islander. (Or maybe he just bribed them.) And Theon fell for it.Farfetched? It would be less impossible if the painted guy sailing past Valyria were Varys.
2035	EgoistMusketeer	2012-05-15	Hes Ramsay only in spirit
2036	HouseLark	2012-05-16	I've noticed British viewers getting excited to see Ineson.  Which adds to my suspicions.No, we get excited about seeing The Finch! He might be an arsehole but he's a bloody good rep.
2037	Little Miss Sunshine	2012-05-16	Guys, thanks for your answers and thoughts!Personally I wouldn't want them to be the same person. For me it would be fine if they just merged some Ramsay's characteristics into Dagmer just to make the story run for a while until the bastard of Bolton arrives to Winterfell. I can be quite a book purist in some ways, so for me it would kinda ruin Reek's storyline.Thanks for the ones who mentioned the age factor, very well pointed out. And, for what's it worth, I also don't like the "super spy" thing.However, I wouldn't be surprised it HBO would do such a thing as to merge both characters into one. I wouldn't approve it, but it could be possible. And that's why I started the topic, just to share some thoughts. No need to classify it as "idiotic" or "ridiculous", or to be rude. It's not even a theory - only thoughts and doubts.EDITED for grammar
					
					
							Edited by Little Miss Sunshine, 16 May 2012 - 04:21 AM.
2038	Winter's Lady	2012-05-16	Ramsay Snow - the same person?After tonight's episode, the feeling some of us had that Dagmer and Ramsay Snow are gonna be one and the same person in TV series just got a lot bigger. Mostly due to the fact that he's taking Ramsay's role on suggesting to Theon that they fake the Bran's and Rickon's deaths.Also, on the previous episode, Roose Bolton said to Robb that Ser Rodrik had been killed, however Maester Luwin sent the raven before Rodrik was beheaded. How could he have known that, then? (or was it just a sequence error?)Thoughts, anyone? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />This thought has crossed my mind too, it certainly is possible, Dagmer has taken over Ramsay's role for now, and he has the evil persona to go with it, but personally I don't think this will be the case.I think Ramsay's casting was pushed to S3 for budget reasons and time restraints, but I hope we'll see him then (along with the Reeds and the Tullys, pwease?)Roose told Robb about his bastard son, and sent him to Winterfell, and I also think Dagmer looks too old to be Roose's son.As to the fact that Roose knew about Rodrik's death, didn't he say they've had other ravens, from White Harbor and whatnot? Maybe this information was in one of those letters? But as you said, most likely it's just a timeline error or simply something they didn't think of when filming. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2039	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-16	To be fair, Finchy was no Ramsay. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> He was, for lack of a better term, what we Brits call " a dickhead."
Plus, he threw a kettle over a pub. What's Ramsay ever done to match that kind of awesomeness?
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 16 May 2012 - 09:39 AM.
2040	Dracarya	2012-05-16	*le sigh* People let themselves down with bad manners and rudeness.
Yeah it's crossed my mind, and it's a suspicion I can't shake off, no matter how much I don't want it to be true. I just think they're giving Dagmer quite a big role (i.e., a lot of camera time) for someone who's going to disappear as soon as Ramsay arrives. We'll see. Nicely laid-out thoughts, LMS, I hope it wasn't a sequence error but maybe it was something as simple as that. We've learned to read into everything waaay too much /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
Either way, I WANT MY REEK! /communist.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':commie:' />
					
					
							Edited by Dracarya, 16 May 2012 - 07:32 AM.
2041	Isabella Stark	2012-05-16	How is what happens in the book far-fetched?Ramsey kidnaps, marries and then murders the recently-widowed Lady Hornwood; is then captured by Stark men and taken to Winterfell.  While Ramsey is languishing in the Winterfell dungeon under the assumed identity of his deceased servant Reek, Theon seizes the castle, thereby giving Ramsey the opportunity to manipulate Theon and suggest he pretend to kill B & R, which leads to Robb's grief- prompted sex with Jeyne, then marriage to Jeyne, thereby betraying the Freys, which creates an opportunity for Roose to ally with the Lannisters, betray Robb and become Warden of the North.Of course this is how the whole series works- one thing leading to another and improvising characters responding to what has come before.  But, Ramsey was really lucky Theon decided to seize Winterfell. I share Dracarya's impression that "they're giving Dagmer quite a big role (i.e., a lot of camera time) for someone who's going to disappear as soon as Ramsay arrives," so I'm just trying to see if this could work. The main objection people seem to have is that Ramsey is "at the Dreadfort."  How do we know that? Because Roose said so.  What else is he going to say?  Robb says he's going to march up to Winterfell and take it back. If he did that, Ramsey would be caught and lose Winterfell.  So Roose talks Robb out of it and assures him that Ramsey will do it for him.I agree there are also problems with (1) communication between Ramsey and Roose, but I'm not sure how much they need to communicate about these schemes and I feel like the show's been fudging that a bit already; and (2) Ramsey getting from place to place, but he could be using the same means of transportation as Littlefinger. I guess we'll find out soon enough....
2042	Jayaris	2012-05-16	Ramsey kidnaps, marries and then murders the recently-widowed Lady Hornwood; is then captured by Stark men and taken to Winterfell.  While Ramsey is languishing in the Winterfell dungeon under the assumed identity of his deceased servant Reek, Theon seizes the castle, thereby giving Ramsey the opportunity to manipulate Theon and suggest he pretend to kill B & R, which leads to Robb's grief- prompted sex with Jeyne, then marriage to Jeyne, thereby betraying the Freys, which creates an opportunity for Roose to ally with the Lannisters, betray Robb and become Warden of the North.Of course this is how the whole series works- one thing leading to another and improvising characters responding to what has come before.  But, Ramsey was really lucky Theon decided to seize Winterfell.I share Dracarya's impression that "they're giving Dagmer quite a big role (i.e., a lot of camera time) for someone who's going to disappear as soon as Ramsay arrives," so I'm just trying to see if this could work.The main objection people seem to have is that Ramsey is "at the Dreadfort."  How do we know that? Because Roose said so.  What else is he going to say?  Robb says he's going to march up to Winterfell and take it back. If he did that, Ramsey would be caught and lose Winterfell.  So Roose talks Robb out of it and assures him that Ramsey will do it for him.I agree there are also problems with (1) communication between Ramsey and Roose, but I'm not sure how much they need to communicate about these schemes and I feel like the show's been fudging that a bit already; and (2) Ramsey getting from place to place, but he could be using the same means of transportation as Littlefinger.I guess we'll find out soon enough....Haha, Littlefinger transportation indeed would've certainly been required. The main reason I don't believe it is because I don't think :- The Risk vs. Reward of having your son on a potentially pointless undercover mission is not logical- Ramsay doesn't seem like the kind of person that would rather go undercover at the Iron Islands than spend his time at the Dreadfort raping/flaying people.- Don't think there was any viable way to reach Iron Islands in time beyond Littlefinger teleportation.The reason for Dagmer's camera time is because, if Dagmer wasn't established it's just Theon talking to himself and coming up with his own ideas. You can't have Dagmer as a non-entity and expect it to be believable when Theon takes his advice..By having Dagmer meet Theon early and establish a relationship it helps to explain some of the abhorrent decisions that Theon makes.D&D could doubtless spin some infeasible plot as to why Dagmer is Ramsay, but there's no actual chain of events that would make sense.
2043	TKO	2012-05-16	If this is the case I hope we get a prequel - Ramsay Snow and the Ironborn : Deep CoverI would love this with some apocalypse now style voice over.
2044	Impish	2012-05-16	Also, on the previous episode, Roose Bolton said to Robb that Ser Rodrik had been killed, however Maester Luwin sent the raven before Rodrik was beheaded. How could he have known that, then?Roose's line here is actually "We've had ravens from White Harbour, Barrowton, and the Dreadfort", so clearly he has his own sources of information and doesn't need to rely on Luwin to receive word of what's going on in Winterfell.(Also, at Theon's command, Luwin sent additional ravens AFTER Rodrik's beheading, no reason he couldn't have snuck in an update for Robb & co)
					
					
							Edited by Impish, 16 May 2012 - 05:20 PM.
2045	House Snow	2012-05-16	Ok here is a spitball.  What if Dagmer was already in Robbs camp and Roose had him follow Theon on the same ship.  Roose would certainly be in position to know about the mission. It would keep a hypothetical Dagmer/Ramsey from having to live in Pyke.  In that case the plot question becomes is it feasible for him to be able to lie about being the first mate, after all to this point we haven't seen Dagme talk to anyone beside Theon and when he does in the presense of others it always seems to be an aside.  Even when he told Theon to kill Rodrik, it was kind of a whisper.  I don't thinks a total stretch when you consider in the original he was basically a spy in Winterfell who lied about being Reek.  I'll admit I don't remember the book that well, but wouldn't some of the same questions about why Reek/Ramsey wasn't found out in Winterfell apply to a Dagmer/ramsey in Pyke.
2046	SerMixalot	2012-05-16	i still dont think that a stranger would be made a first mate on an iron born ship
2047	Wethers	2012-05-18	Ramsay Snow - the same person?I don't buy the Dagmer = Ramsay idea for all the obvious reasons others have stated.  It would be true clown shoes moment for the series if they somehow tried to contort things to fit such a scheme.  On the other hand, Dagmer filling in some of the narrative gap for Ramsay being AWOL - sure that's obviously happening a bit.But what did strike me is what some have brought up - from the very start Dagmer seems to stand apart from the rest of the ironborn, apart from everyone really except for Theon, who is the only person he communicates with on screen as far as I can remember.  They really only show him when Theon is agonizing over a course of action.  Attack the Stony Shore as commanded or feint at Torrhen's Square and take Winterfell, keep Ser Rodrik prisoner or execute him, keep searching for Bran and Rickon or kill the orphans in their place.Don't laugh, but the comparison that leapt to my mind was Tyler Durden from fight club - that he is Theon's alter-ego as Durden was to the narrator (Ed Norton's character).  The figurative devil sitting on his shoulder telling him to execute Ser Rodrik, kill the orphans, and leading him to the idea of taking Winterfell in the first place.  Since you're seeing it from the narrator's insane point of view, it doesn't dawn on you right away that he's really the other half of the same person...Ok, that would be a bit clown shoes as well - it's been done before (and not just by Fight Club).  But it's still more sensible to me than Dagmer literally being Ramsay.
					
					
							Edited by Wethers, 18 May 2012 - 03:03 AM.
2048	Jayaris	2012-05-18	Ok here is a spitball.  What if Dagmer was already in Robbs camp and Roose had him follow Theon on the same ship.  Roose would certainly be in position to know about the mission. It would keep a hypothetical Dagmer/Ramsey from having to live in Pyke.  In that case the plot question becomes is it feasible for him to be able to lie about being the first mate, after all to this point we haven't seen Dagme talk to anyone beside Theon and when he does in the presense of others it always seems to be an aside.  Even when he told Theon to kill Rodrik, it was kind of a whisper.  I don't thinks a total stretch when you consider in the original he was basically a spy in Winterfell who lied about being Reek.  I'll admit I don't remember the book that well, but wouldn't some of the same questions about why Reek/Ramsey wasn't found out in Winterfell apply to a Dagmer/ramsey in Pyke.This is theoretically plausible if you ignore the Lady Hornwood story etc. - Which D&D would have no qualms about, now all that's left to do is to go through all of the camp scenes pre-Theon leaving and see if you can spot Dagmer in the background.
					
					
							Edited by Jayaris, 18 May 2012 - 03:57 AM.
2049	House Snow	2012-05-19	So on another forum someone is saying that if you look at the sigil for Dagmer its "destroyed."  I went back and watched the episode and the kraken is clearly torn off his armor while everyone else is wearing it.  If that isn't a gigantic red flag I don't know what is.  Funny thing is that a nonreader picked it up.EDIT:  You can see it clearly  torn off on the farm scene. Coutesey of Ours is the Fury over at WIC.http://wicnet.tumblr...ost/23351761180
					
					
							Edited by House Snow, 19 May 2012 - 10:23 AM.
2050	StarkBlack21	2012-05-19	The Theon/Dagmer Tyler Durden thing would be interesting. I hope that's not what they are doing. Because now I think about it, it's really weird Dagmer doesn't interact with any other Ironborn. Damn this would be crazy.
2051	WetHair	2012-05-19	Oh man, oh man.  Like The Sixth Sense!!!!!!
2052	madman2711	2012-05-20	Its a stupid ideea if ramsay = dagmer 
And i dont think this will work anyway 
All the arguments for this are details that are by far missinterpreted or selfinduced theory plots
Ok he has a torn sigil on his armorplate ( though ironborns are armor-fobes, only victarion is the exception) does this mean he is ramsay? No it means that probably the armor was damaged during filming and didnt wasted some budget Â<U+0080>$ÂL on refilming the scene with the armor repaired 
Probably dagmer is asha spy or lover aka Qarl it would be making more sense
If D&D wants people not to lose their faith in GoT should quit making stuff up and daviate less from the books as they are well written, 
ok maybe the pov chapters are not always action packed but we arent watching Spartacus to demand T&A and blood every episode.
2053	Fengari	2012-05-20	I don't buy this for one second.
Let's examine the arguments in favor:
- Dagmer is taking on the role of Reek
They need someone to be the devil on Theons shoulder, to keep him redeemable later on. After all, all the atrocities Theon commits weren't his own ideas, and that help us sympathise with him later. That, I believe, is the reason for Dagmer taking that role, not to set him up as Ramsay. Yes, if Dagmer does not become Ramsay, we will loose the irony of Theon being punished by Ramsay for the very acts he himself told him to commit, but I feel that is a minor loss, the impact of the torture on Theon will still be there.
- Roose knew Ser Rodrick was killed, and the raven was sent before that happened.
We don't see the ravens are being sent, so that is not conclusive. Anyway, the ravens Theon tells Maester Luwin to send are to his father and sister, not Robb/Roose. It is only logical that Luwin would try to send ravens to Robb and his bannermen as soon as possible to tell what has really happened. It's not because we haven't seen that that it can't have happened. I would say it is more likely than Dagmer sending a raven to Roose...
- Asha, who would have known him as not Ironborn, never met him (from the article dreamcatcher linked)
So, it has not been disproven that this theory is right, but that does certainly not mean that it is proven that it is right... After all, the other crewmembers are also in a good position to question Dagmer being there if he isn't someone they know already. After all, if they're unwilling to follow a captain they know to be their kings son, why would they follow a first mate they don't know at all?
- there is no other inside guy to betray Theon and let Ramsay's men in
There is no need for one. Yes, Winterfell can be held with as few as 500 men. Theon has nowhere near that number, that is why he needs his sister to bring them. Do you think he would ask for Yara's help if he didn't really need her? Ramsay's troops can just take the castle. The only reason Cassel didn't in the books was his daughter's head in a noose.
- There's a lot of screentime for Dagmer
see above, he is needed to be the devil on Theon's shoulder. The only screentime he gets is when he gives his advice and watches it unfold.
- We don't see Dagmer interact with the other Ironborn
Sure. That is because he is a minor character, needed only for his interactions with the major character, and the other Ironborn are little more than extras. I also assume his 'kissing the captain's ass' may not fall well with the crewmembers who would have preferred just ignoring him and doing what they wanted...
- TV Dagmer doesn't know Theon from childhood, like book Dagmer
I think that is just a bit of background that was cut. No point going into that relationship if it leads nowhere.
- There's no clear motivation for Dagmer to help Theon.
It could be he's just an ambitious man who sees the opportunity of helping the kings son out.
- They wouldn't cast that actor if he was to die at the end of the season
Euhm... Sean Bean, anyone?
2054	TKO	2012-05-20	I don't buy the Dagmer = Ramsay idea for all the obvious reasons others have stated. It would be true clown shoes moment for the series if they somehow tried to contort things to fit such a scheme. On the other hand, Dagmer filling in some of the narrative gap for Ramsay being AWOL - sure that's obviously happening a bit. But what did strike me is what some have brought up - from the very start Dagmer seems to stand apart from the rest of the ironborn, apart from everyone really except for Theon, who is the only person he communicates with on screen as far as I can remember. They really only show him when Theon is agonizing over a course of action. Attack the Stony Shore as commanded or feint at Torrhen's Square and take Winterfell, keep Ser Rodrik prisoner or execute him, keep searching for Bran and Rickon or kill the orphans in their place. Don't laugh, but the comparison that leapt to my mind was Tyler Durden from fight club - that he is Theon's alter-ego as Durden was to the narrator (Ed Norton's character). The figurative devil sitting on his shoulder telling him to execute Ser Rodrik, kill the orphans, and leading him to the idea of taking Winterfell in the first place. Since you're seeing it from the narrator's insane point of view, it doesn't dawn on you right away that he's really the other half of the same person... Ok, that would be a bit clown shoes as well - it's been done before (and not just by Fight Club). But it's still more sensible to me than Dagmer literally being Ramsay. i thought this aswell, but in the last episode, you can see Dagmer drag Luwin to see the charred bodies, while Theon is addressing the crowd. Also when Luwin says "what have you done", he is addressing Cletjaw.
2055	HyacinthGirl	2012-05-21	At the very least he's one of the bastard's boys, if not Ramsay.
2056	JilaX	2012-05-23	Probably the single worst theory in the history of the internet...and this is the same internet slinging stuff around about Sopranos...some of that stuff was really out there... The idea that someone who: -is as old looking as his father -infiltrated Pyke to a degree/length of time that no other Iron Men questioned him being the first mate of the boat when they don't even respect their kings son enough to listen to him -in case Robb Stark decided to send Theon back to Pyke ...nvm...this cant be real...I'm almost convinced this is a trolling theory at this point.You didn't really watch the episode where he's introduced closesly. He solely appears when Yara and the cre are convieniently far away. He's the only one who claims to be First mate, and he's not at any point recognized by any of Theon's men. It's not far fetched that they simply see him as Theon's "dog" followin him around loyally.In fact the entire scene he first appears in seems to suggest that he is just that, an outsider. Rather than someone who fits in on the Iron Islands.lol ^ I agree with you that there is no way that Ramsay and Dagmer could be the same person, its just too much of a stretch and I agree that it would take way too much time and guessing for Ramsay to go to pyke and somehow become a first mate on a possibility that Theon would go back there.He's the only one who says he's the first mate and makes sure not to mention it in front of any of the crew members. Characters on this show don't always tell the truth.This guy argues Dagmar=Ramsey. http://www.tvequals....t-honor-review/ I sort of like the idea, because I really enjoyed Ramsey's switcharoo in the books and there really does seem to be something more to Dagmar. But I don't like it because (1) the actor seems to old to be Roose's son; and (2) it's not satisfactory that Ramsey would have established himself at Pyke early enough to pull this off. It also would suggest that Roose decided to betray Robb very early on; whereas I've always thought Roose was onboard with Robb as long as Robb was successful, and only decided to betray him when it began to appear that Robb would not succeed. 1. Disagree. It depends entirely on when he had his son. As he was a bastard the age gap doesn't have to be that large.2. Like I've said earlier, nothing indicates he's established himself on Pyke.I've had the feeling Roose always decided to betray Robb early on. This is simply a matter of opinions, though.2.I agree with the first part of your post, but as far as Alfie Allen not returning to play Reek/Theon in the ADwD Storyline, I don't think it's a done deal Other HBO series (most prominiently the Wire) placed popular characters on hiatus for a season or more at a time, and brought them back as the plot called for them. If D & D are as smart as I think they are, they see the benefit in having a fine actor like Allen breath life into one of the most intriguing characters in the ASOIAF universe and do whatever it takes to retain his services.They have him on a 6 season contract, if I'm not mistaken. So they're gonna spread the torture scenes out over the seasons, I'd guess. Probably put in an escape attempt or something simmilar to make it extra interesting. Would fit what they''ve done with Dany's storyline. Agreed. I was looking at the pictures and despite Roose being younger he looks about 55, while Dagmer looks early 30s to me.Roose isn't younger, actorwise. Ralph Ineson is born in 1969, while Roose is born somewhere around 1960 or before. Can't find an exact date. The people thinking he's younger are reading about the Irish footballer who shares his name.
2057	ThePickler	2012-05-24	One possibility is that when Ramsay comes to liberate Winterfell "Dagmer" will betray the Ironborn by opening the gate, disarming Theon or something like that. This would complete his role as "Reek/Ramsay" who betrayed Theon is similar fashion. As to how Dagmer ended up on the Iron Islands all I can think of is that they want us to overlook that.
2058	Archmaester Marwin	2012-05-24	I don't know about Dagmer being Ramsay ....but is it just me or do Dagmer and many of the other ironborn wear camo commando looking hoodies? Then you have the greyjoys wearing the longest vests ever. I think its a costume fail.
2059	Sarnius	2012-05-20	I'm a bit confused here.
I thought the real reason Cat let Jaime go was because she wanted her daughters back after she'd heard she'd lost 2 of her children. Is it possible she'd already had the letter? I'm sorry but I can't find a reason other than that for Cat to become a traitor and let the man who'd nearly killed her child to go.
2060	Ran	2012-05-20	It was explained right before: Jaime Lannister is going to be killed by the Karstarks before the night is done, and before Robb arrives. Catelyn's choice is to let him be killed -- inviting reprisals against her daughters and certainly losing him as a possible trade for them -- or letting him go in the hopes that he survives and that Brienne safely delivers him to KL to see her daughters returned.
It worked okay for me. But it's true that the way it is in the novels in richer and more emotionally textured.
2061	Mad Queen	2012-05-20	I've been thinking about this since I saw the episode and at first I thought releasing Jaime in the show would make Cat an even worse traitor, but I've since decided that in the show her reasons might actually be better, because it's an emergency and she's forced to act. If she doesn't release him, her daughters might get killed in reprisal. But having better reasons doesn't make the story better. I still prefer the way it's in the books, it's why Cat gets so much love and hate from us.
2062	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-14	It seems that they are really trying to make Cersei more likeable in the show at the expense of Joffrey. They are making him in to a bigger maniac then he actually may be. If Cersei does something bad, Joff has to top her in the next scene. Also he ends up taking the blame for her actions as well ie-Killing Robert's bastard children. 
An example would be the torture of the prostitute scene a few eps back. We just saw Joff ordering Sansa stripped and beaten at court but then we had another scene where he does the same right after. 
What do you guys think? What will Joff look like by the end of this?
2063	Envie	2012-05-14	What will Joff look like by the end of this? The same as he does now, a despised, evil little shithead. His end is not far off as we all know Margaery arrives to become the new Queen-to-be soon and the wedding / end of Joffrey will leave viewers with the same sickened satisfaction as we had in the books.
Cersei's changes are more pronounced than Joffrey's in my opinion. She's much more likable and easy to sympathize with in the series.
2064	victim	2012-05-14	I don't think Cersei has been changed very much. If anything they're trying to add a little sympathy but I think that's just about it. I've always looked at it as if her and Jaime were on a similar morality scale, but that scale tips during Storm of Swords and one's morality plummets while the other rises.
2065	Jolene Brown	2012-05-14	It's interesting that we find out she was so into Rhaegar.  He's described as a fairly likable fellow, outside the Lyanna escapade - could he have been her Brienne, if they had married?  The person whose influence would have had a positive effect on her?
2066	Pliny	2012-05-14	I agree that they are making Cersei more likable/human, but I think Joffrey was always a sociopath. We're just seeing more of him now. I think HBO likes showing sex and violence, and with Joffrey they even got both.
Personally, I want to like Cersei because I love her wardrobe. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
2067	Pliny	2012-05-14	I don't think Cersei has been changed very much. If anything they're trying to add a little sympathy but I think that's just about it. I've always looked at it as if her and Jaime were on a similar morality scale, but that scale tips during Storm of Swords and one's morality plummets while the other rises.That's really interesting.
2068	Ser Giant	2012-05-14	Cersei and Tyrion did have one or two freindly conversations in the book, so it isnt a departure really.
2069	Mad Queen	2012-05-14	I have always tried to sympathize with Cersei in the books, but it was impossible. I actually like that they changed that in the show. Joffrey has always been a sociopath and I think he would have done in the books everything he did in the show, were he as old.
2070	Faraday	2012-05-14	Eh. it's a fair departure but the character is still very recognisable. Do you ever imagining her opening up to him in that way in the book? As far as I remember she never admits to the incest, right? On the whole I can't fault the changes, there have been a few changes, some subtle - some more pronounced. They definitely make her more...human? Well, more likeable is probably more accurate. I personally felt Robert came across as less likeable (slightly) than in the books which helped her in season 1. Her attitude to Joffrey in the show seems like the type of thing you'd expect - she loves him but clearly knows there's something very wrong. I mean we still get enough moments like last week where she's fairly dislikeable, so it's fine.Not bad changes, Lena Headey is doing a terrific job.
2071	StarkWard	2012-05-14	The part where she holds her navel/tummy/heart while threatening to cry was amazing. I don't think I could have imagined book Cersei as that. Clearly, show Cersei is less delusional, and I do appreciate that. Better to have her really gray now, so viewers will be more confused when she goes downhill.
2072	teemo	2012-05-14	I agree with you.  TV Cersei is definitely different.  They are trying to make Joffrey into as big of a villain as possible.  He is the GoT superstar villain right now.  People love to hate on him, so why give Cersei so much accountability when it can easily be handed to Joffrey? (baby killing, for instance). They find it easier to make her more like an empathetic, struggling woman with some cruelty in her, but nowhere near what her son possesses.Uh.  Wrong.  Cersei is bad, if not worse, than Joffrey.  And yes, that is 100% true.  This is the woman that gave people to Qyburn.  Never once in her POVs did she show any kind of remorse for killing someone....not only that, but she didn't even think twice about it.  And as far as the "price of her sins....." she DOES NOT CARE.  She doesn't fret over her past sins or worry that Joffrey is an abomination like a Targaryen can be because he's a product of her incest.  Give me a break.  Cersei spends her time plotting her next sin, not repenting old ones.  And most of all, she doesn't talk to Tyrion about this kind of stuff. Are you kidding?  Discussing her and Jaime with him?  Sure, he knows, but she would never.  She never talked about it to anyone. And she loved Joffrey's fierce and brutal personality.  She was always bitching in her head about how Tommen wasn't as tough and as much of a "lion" as Joffrey was.  I'm guessing that when Joffrey dies, they will make Cersei into more of a villain, especially since we get to see into her sick little mind in AFFC.  But the writers probably don't want a middle-aged woman stealing the villain kid's thunder at the moment.There is a chance that the whole "price for our sins" bit though was just her game-playing Tyrion.  They have recently been in some terrible fights with the whole "the debt will be paid" bit from Tyrion, so maybe it's all a scheme. *shrug* But they have definitely toned her evilness down for the time being.  You never know.  For awhile I thought TV Tywin was an absolute idiot to not realize that something was up with Arya, and he knew it all along.  Or at least for awhile.  So this is mostly speculation based on what I've seen so far of Cersei, but knowing this show...it can all change next Sunday.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 14 May 2012 - 11:59 PM.
2073	Eddard Sand	2012-05-15	There is a chance that the whole "price for our sins" bit though was just her game-playing Tyrion.  They have recently been in some terrible fights with the whole "the debt will be paid" bit from Tyrion, so maybe it's all a scheme. *shrug*Almost certainly is. I can't stress enough how important the blackwater is for Tyrions character. He has spent the whole season preparing for the defense of the city all the while ticking off Cersei. I really hope we get to see Tyrion sally forth to meet the enemy during the battle. He needs to be pseudo-assassinated by Cersei's henchman.
2074	dtones520	2012-05-15	I don't think that early book Cersei isn't as crazy as later books Cersei. I think that Joffrey dying and Maggy the Frog prophecies starting to come true really threw her off the deep end. Are they making her more sympathetic? Yes. But, non book readers, mostly, know she is a total bitch and is putting on a mask.
With t.v. you need to over dramatize some things. Cersei being a bit more sympathetic makes her losing it after Joff dies more believable. People know she is capable of pulling off some pretty bad stuff, but once she's set off the deep end, she is worse than Joff. That's what, I think, we will see in the end...if we get there.
2075	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-05-15	We didn't really get to see the true depths of Cersei's depravity until AFFC anyway. Yes, she always was a conniving shrew but there were a few moments when she did have a human touch. It was when we got a closer look in Book 4, when we peek into her mind...and it wasn't pretty.
2076	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-05-15	I also really like the Cersei always has a drink in hand...kinda foreshadows her crazy drunk self in AFFC.
2077	LordofWinter	2012-05-15	i'm gonna say it because it needs to be said......reverse misogyny!!!!!
just kidding. 
kind of.
i can't deny that i noticed the writers of the show amping up the sympathy for certain female characters. *cough* Cat *cough* Cersei*cough*. sorry i'm a smoker.
2078	StarkWard	2012-05-15	I also really like the Cersei always has a drink in hand...kinda foreshadows her crazy drunk self in AFFC.Nice catch! Didn't see that.
2079	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	knowing how  much she still wants Jamie makes last night admissions of sins less that realistic
2080	nara	2012-05-15	I've been wondering if the kinder, gentler Cersei is approved by GRRM.  I got the impression that he wanted to make her more sympathetic in AFFC (like Jaime in ASOS) but did not write her POVs well enough...That being said, my biggest complaint about the change in her is from Season 1 -- making her lose a black-haired child. That is such a significant change in personality and behavior and I think was unnecessary.  The changes this season have been okay to me, given that they've aged up joffrey.
2081	Monk Meth-	2012-05-15	cersei is the same.. you just remember her being more crazy before of the events that transpire later.
2082	Milcov	2012-05-15	I quite liked Cersei in the show, especially last night. Cersei never glosses over Joff's madness in the book, she just likes his decisiveness compared to Tommen. Her scene with Sansa was very good.
2083	eyeheartsansa	2012-05-15	I think they want to give us more of a gradual descent into madness..she was much more collected in season 1.  She's becoming unhinged, drinking more, opening up to Tyrion (!) but only after the riot where she's realizing just how much of a liability Joffrey is.  Pre-riot she was all.. "I can't wait for you to love someone so I can take her away."
When the Tyrells show up she is going to get worse.
I don't think she's all that different, aside from a few things - mainly, openly discussing Jaime with Tyrion.
					
					
							Edited by eyeheartsansa, 15 May 2012 - 08:22 AM.
2084	Ser Giant	2012-05-15	I think it's also how well these characters are acted, both Cat and Cersei(especially Cat though) are acted so phenominally well by these women it automatically makes you like them more.
I went striaght into reading aCoK after only watching the first season and I couldnt understand how anybody could dislike Catelyn..until I eventually went back and read aGoT. Having the visualiztion from the show in my head really effected my view of her.
2085	Mulled Wino	2012-05-15	my only beef is that she puts joffrey down so much in the TV Series.  She preferred his strength to Tommen's happy go lucky attitude in the books IMO
2086	Fat Mac	2012-05-15	I think her changes make her more realistic and more human. She obviously loves her children, but as we saw she knew something was wrong with Joffrey, which I dont believe is elaborated on in the books.
2087	Frumpus	2012-05-15	If they changed Cersei's character now, what makes you guys think they'd retain her character arc in AFFC? If anything they will probably change the storylines to retain her tv personality. And besides, giving people to Qyburn is hardly as evil as you make it out to be. There have been far worse things happen in the books, and it's not like any of Qyburn's victims are memorable characters that we care about. Also, who's to say that Qyburn will even be in the tv series? No brave companions, so how would they explain his appearance? And the whole zombie headless Gregor is the kind of fantastical thing that gets cut from tv.
2088	Mulled Wino	2012-05-15	I quite liked Cersei in the show, especially last night. Cersei never glosses over Joff's madness in the book, she just likes his decisiveness compared to Tommen. Her scene with Sansa was very good.I think she definitely glosses over it in the book.  she lets him get away with anything and everything.
2089	FantA´me	2012-05-15	I've been wondering if the kinder, gentler Cersei is approved by GRRM.  I got the impression that he wanted to make her more sympathetic in AFFC (like Jaime in ASOS) but did not write her POVs well enough... /blink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blink:' />  Cersei?in Feast?Really?I don't think he did. I'm genuinely curious of how you got that impression however .The only chapter that ever seemed to want to make Cersei sympathetic imo was the walk of shame. And besides, giving people to Qyburn is hardly as evil as you make it out to be. There have been far worse things happen in the books, and it's not like any of Qyburn's victims are memorable characters that we care about.And , euh, the "level of evil" depends of how much we remember or care about the person being horribly tortured, is that it? And giving away innocent people to be dissected alive is not that evil?
2090	RoamingRonin	2012-05-15	TV Cersei's plotline fills in some of the unanswered questions I've had about Joffery's upbringing. Book Cersei mentioned he was more willful than Tommen and Myrcella but she never gave her opinion on him if I can recall.
TV Cersei has to illicit some sort of sympathy because no one will want to watch her be a huge cunning, murderous bitch for 5-6 seasons.
2091	ViserionsFire	2012-05-15	TV Cersei has to illicit some sort of sympathy because no one will want to watch her be a huge cunning, murderous bitch for 5-6 seasons.I think this is exactly why both TV Cersei and TV Tywin are more sympathetic characters than they are in the book.  They'll both want to have careers after the series is over and not want to be type cast as the characters the book portrays them to be.
2092	FantA´me	2012-05-15	I think this is exactly why both TV Cersei and TV Tywin are more sympathetic characters than they are in the book.  They'll both want to have careers after the series is over and not want to be type cast as the characters the book portrays them to be.Poor  Jack Gleeson taking the fall for everybody  . /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
2093	ViserionsFire	2012-05-15	Poor  Jack Gleeson taking the fall for everybody  . /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />Yea I know, but he's young, adaptable and his screen time is limited to about this time next season.  But Charles Dance is established as an actor and they may not have got Lena Headey to play straight up Cersei's book character.
2094	Sxxman	2012-05-15	I think this is exactly why both TV Cersei and TV Tywin are more sympathetic characters than they are in the book.  They'll both want to have careers after the series is over and not want to be type cast as the characters the book portrays them to be.I think Charles Dance has been typecast already, though he did break the pattern by shaking his Lannisters in Ali G.
					
					
							Edited by Sxxman, 15 May 2012 - 05:41 PM.
2095	mcb	2012-05-15	TV Cersei has been more human than book Cersei since Season 1. However, the fact that now she clearly sees that Joffy is... let's say, less than perfect, is a brand new one.
BTW, I liked how she paraphrased Red Forman's "I'm not loving anyone I'm not legally required to!". Even though that may have been unintentional.
2096	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	I quite liked Cersei in the show, especially last night. Cersei never glosses over Joff's madness in the book, she just likes his decisiveness compared to Tommen. Her scene with Sansa was very good.I credit that more to the actress than the writing, the actress has beendoing a stellar job, her looks, the way she stands, she truly is a queen
2097	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	TV Cersei's plotline fills in some of the unanswered questions I've had about Joffery's upbringing. Book Cersei mentioned he was more willful than Tommen and Myrcella but she never gave her opinion on him if I can recall.TV Cersei has to illicit some sort of sympathy because no one will want to watch her be a huge cunning, murderous bitch for 5-6 seasons.I got the impression from teh books that she ignored M and T to raise Joff to be the king, thus poisoning him but sparing the other two
2098	mcb	2012-05-15	I credit that more to the actress than the writing, the actress has beendoing a stellar job, her looks, the way she stands, she truly is a queenFunny coincidence: her Sarah Connor is also different, and also more human, than Linda Hamilton's Sarah Connor (from Terminator 2, not the first one).
2099	House Snow	2012-05-15	I kind find that I like all of the feminine TV female characters more then their book counterparts.  I prefer the more rounded versions of them as opposed to the kind of one dimensionality (Cersei-crazy, Catelyn-Hardass, Brienne-Nieve, Margery-sweet).  George wrote males and tomboys better IMO.
2100	FantA´me	2012-05-15	I kind find that I like all of the feminine TV female characters more then their book counterparts.  I prefer the more rounded versions of them as opposed to the kind of one dimensionality (Cersei-crazy, Catelyn-Hardass, Brienne-Nieve, Margery-sweet).  George wrote males and tomboys better IMO.Is this how you read the characters in the book? None of them seemed so simple to me. Margaery-sweet really? .
2101	House Snow	2012-05-15	Maybe an oversimplification, but I think the fact that people say about a tv character "so and so would never......., ie Cersie would never confide in Tyrion" speaks to the lack of range some of the book characters.  A lot of it is the untrustworthy narrator angle for sure, but since that was all we had, some chacter seem to have a narrow range.
2102	gogorath	2012-05-15	Lena Headey has been crushing the character.  It's tough to say how different it is from the books, as we don't get a Cersei POV yet.  We see her public persona but not her private thoughts.
I am fairly excited for her plotline going forward.  A descent into paranoia and (some level of) madness, culminating (for now) in that final Cersei chapter of ADwD -- wow.  That's going to be a fun story to watch.
TV and movie writers like to have all their major characters have arcs -- progressions from A to B.  It's not shocking that Cersei is presented more favorably than in the book -- as she ends up going a bad direction and Jaime is given extra ways to make him look less interested in morality, given where he's going.
2103	teemo	2012-05-15	I think Lena Headey should read the books.  She thinks she gets Cersei, but how can you without not reading the books?  I know Gwendoline Christie put her heart and soul into her part, reading the books and preparing in every way possible, and Headey didn't even bother reading them.  I think that should be a requirement if you have a main role in the show :\  She's a good actress, but....Anyway, I think that Cersei was always crazy, even pre-AFFC.  She was able to keep her craziness under wraps a bit better, but she was still not all there.  She didn't suddenly develop a personality disorder after Joffrey died.  Cersei has been mentally ill for a long time before AFFC.  Even LF in ASOS talked about how Cersei thought she was a game player, but actually wasn't.  We don't know the entirety of her plotting and scheming before her POVs, but I imagine that her inner thoughts weren't much prettier.  And her inner thoughts in AFFC were ugly. And book Cersei can be empathized with, I don't need the television show to make her more so.  Just because she is mentally unstable and does awful, cruel things doesn't mean she can't be empathized with.  What about Theon?  A good example was her horrific "walk of shame" through KL.  She is obviously a deeply disturbed, depressed individual and there are layers to her like everyone else in the book.  The writers don't need to "humanize" her, Cersei is human already.
2104	FantA´me	2012-05-15	Maybe an oversimplification, but I think the fact that people say about a tv character "so and so would never......., ie Cersie would never confide in Tyrion" speaks to the lack of range some of the book characters.  A lot of it is the untrustworthy narrator angle for sure, but since that was all we had, some chacter seem to have a narrow range.    I don't agree. "Cersei would never have confided in Tyrion" is based on the facts that she hates and despises the disgraceful dwarf brother she blames for their mother's death, her pride, her intelligence in being careful not to confide to anyone a terribly dangerous secret she'll try to keep till the end, which also has to do with her love for her children since it would be the end of them and various other reasons. The fact that  people can say she wouldn't do that doesn't have to do so much with her having a narrow range but more with the fact that after reading about her for five books we begin to "know" her.  I don't see how Cersei confiding  in Tyrion and talking about sins and doubting Joffrey's sanity makes her more complex. It removes or replaces a layer from the character to make her more conventional, it's not an amelioration imo.    Same goes for that change in first season about her child with Robert that she supposedly lost when in the book she aborted.While I understand why they would change it for the sake of the show, I didn't like it because Cersei's deep hatred for Robert is an important and interesting part of her character which is not groundless ; he was unfaithful, she never wanted to marry him, she wanted Rhaegar, apparently she was maritally raped by him.    Cersei is an interesting character and the reasons for her quite deranged mind such as the fact that she would obviously rather have been a man are fascinating imo. There are some people who like her in the books. Of course they are not as numerous as those who like Ned for example but this is normal and there's no need for every character to be super popular. Besides most people like hating Cersei and personally I don't think I would enjoy the books or the show as much if I liked everybody.
2105	House Snow	2012-05-15	I think you are missing my point.  I'm not saying that your desription of her is wrong-its not but it is a description of a character with a pretty narrow range of emotions.  That book cersei was either too dense to know Joff was crazy or just didn't want to admit it doesn't matter since it still leaves as this character that you pretty much describe in one word-crazy.  Show cersei actually has real motives for what she does, where book cersei was based on a silly prophecy and an unseen childhood.  I'd rather have the cersei that makes a bit of sense.  Like I said too many of the femal characters in the books had motives that didn't ring true.
					
					
							Edited by House Snow, 15 May 2012 - 08:35 PM.
2106	nara	2012-05-15	/blink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blink:' />  Cersei?in Feast?Really?I don't think he did. I'm genuinely curious of how you got that impression however .The only chapter that ever seemed to want to make Cersei sympathetic imo was the walk of shame.Nothing solid.  Just based on the fact that every other character is sympathetic in their own POVs.  The point being that if you see something from another person's perspective, you get a better understanding of why they think and act as they do.  Doesn't mean you agree when them or that they are less horrible, but that you understand them better, and that creates a bond with the character.  This applies to other stories too, not just ASOIAF.  I felt that GRRM's writing of Cersei's POVs was the worst writing in the series...until ADWD--I thought he nailed her emotions there.
2107	pleonasm	2012-05-15	Nothing solid.  Just based on the fact that every other character is sympathetic in their own POVs.  The point being that if you see something from another person's perspective, you get a better understanding of why they think and act as they do.  Doesn't mean you agree when them or that they are less horrible, but that you understand them better, and that creates a bond with the character.  This applies to other stories too, not just ASOIAF.  I felt that GRRM's writing of Cersei's POVs was the worst writing in the series...until ADWD--I thought he nailed her emotions there.Agreed. When I first saw that Cersei was going to get a POV in Feast I was pretty excited. After all, Jamie's POV provided tons of fascinating insight into his character and motivations. Instead, Martin presented her as a complete unhinged one note black hat. It was impossible to reconcile those POV's with a character who for 15+ years was able to pretty successfully navigate the waters of Kings Landing.I'd argue that tv series has actually improved upon the character of Cersei Lannister. She still is a twisted dark character, but she is now a fully realized human being. Kudos to Beninoff, Weiss, and Headly on that one!
2108	Maria Underfoot	2012-05-16	Right now, Cersei seems much more likable to the audience than Jaime.
And that is an affront /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2109	sarah.jenice	2012-05-16	I don't think that early book Cersei isn't as crazy as later books Cersei. I think that Joffrey dying and Maggy the Frog prophecies starting to come true really threw her off the deep end. Are they making her more sympathetic? Yes. But, non book readers, mostly, know she is a total bitch and is putting on a mask.With t.v. you need to over dramatize some things. Cersei being a bit more sympathetic makes her losing it after Joff dies more believable. People know she is capable of pulling off some pretty bad stuff, but once she's set off the deep end, she is worse than Joff. That's what, I think, we will see in the end...if we get there.This is exactly how I feel. I actually like that they've given more depth and sympathy to Cersei (and Catelyn, too), and I think they will use it to really show Cersei lose it over Joffrey and Tywin's deaths.They've shown how much she hates Tyrion, and I can't agree that they've softened her up too much because her calmly telling Tyrion about his trying to be funny because of his big joke in ripping her mother open and causing her to bleed to death was pretty unforgettable. I am also thinking that Shae (the funny whore) will actually be taken by Cersei because there is no other whore she could think Tyrion was in love with (please don't throw Ros at us HBO) and that will cause the huge riff between them before the battle. On that note, does anyone see show Tyrion threatening to do to Tommen whatever Cersei has done to his captured whore? I couldn't miss how Tyrion ensured Tommen was taken back to the keep before the riot, and I would find it hard to believe Tyrion would threaten Tommen's wellbeing even if Shae was in danger. Cersei has been given some better qualities like worrying about screwing Joffrey up, but she has also been pretty awful. Book readers know a lot more and can color our opinions of her from knowing what she becomes, but I don't think show watchers will forget that this is the woman who conspired to have King Robert killed, arrested Ned Stark leading to his death, ordered all of the Northern men in King's Landing killed, is holding Sansa captive and forcing her to marry Joffrey while fully knowing how brutalized Sansa will be, and has been treating fan-favorite Tyrion horribly all season. If we wrap it up with her trying to have Tyrion killed, telling Sansa Illyn Payne is waiting to take their heads if they lose the battle and later show her downward spiral with the deaths of Joffrey and Tywin, I think she won't lose too much of book Cersei.All in all, I am happy with how she is portrayed.
2110	Raksha the Demon	2012-05-16	I don't agree. "Cersei would never have confided in Tyrion" is based on the facts that she hates and despises the disgraceful dwarf brother she blames for their mother's death, her pride, her intelligence in being careful not to confide to anyone a terribly dangerous secret she'll try to keep till the end, which also has to do with her love for her children since it would be the end of them and various other reasons. The fact that  people can say she wouldn't do that doesn't have to do so much with her having a narrow range but more with the fact that after reading about her for five books we begin to "know" her.  I don't see how Cersei confiding  in Tyrion and talking about sins and doubting Joffrey's sanity makes her more complex. It removes or replaces a layer from the character to make her more conventional, it's not an amelioration imo.	Same goes for that change in first season about her child with Robert that she supposedly lost when in the book she aborted.While I understand why they would change it for the sake of the show, I didn't like it because Cersei's deep hatred for Robert is an important and interesting part of her character which is not groundless ; he was unfaithful, she never wanted to marry him, she wanted Rhaegar, apparently she was maritally raped by him.	Cersei is an interesting character and the reasons for her quite deranged mind such as the fact that she would obviously rather have been a man are fascinating imo. There are some people who like her in the books. Of course they are not as numerous as those who like Ned for example but this is normal and there's no need for every character to be super popular. Besides most people like hating Cersei and personally I don't think I would enjoy the books or the show as much if I liked everybody.  /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />And as much as I dislike her as a person, book-Cersei is more interesting and entertaining a character than the muted, quiet Cersei in the TV series.  Book Cersei was capable of self-control, mostly when Robert was alive, but the intensity of her hatred for him was demonstrated by her refusal to bear any of his children.  Make her accommodating and reasonable enough to give Robert one child, and you've started to defang the lioness.  Cersei is a volatile, burning-angry and power-hungry woman who is also a mother, not just a sad, vulnerable mother who happens to have made a few little mistakes along the way.  And the real Cersei would rather die than divulge or imply vulnerability to Tyrion.
2111	camradio	2012-05-16	I think it makes sense that they are making Cersei more likeable. In the books you get her POV and you understand that she does what she does to lookout for her family. Since its TV they have to make the character likeable some how so they make her nicer. Joffrey was always a little shit.
2112	Librarian of Lannisport	2012-05-16	One thing I always found facinating about book Cersie was how her POV made me dispise her.  Up until then, I always had some sympathy for her.  Raised to be proud and repeatedly told she was better than others, she's then traded like a mule to a womanizing jackass in love with another woman.  One who doesn't even WANT the power she has always be taught to crave.  (Tywin does value power over honor).   Yes, she was always self-centered and self-absorbed.  But she also was very alone in that her father saw her only as a commodity and never seemed to care about her happiness, needs or wants.
Book Cersie did breakdown and cry in front of Tyrion once.  When he went to comfort her, she pushed him a way very cruely.  And she did express frustration over trying to control Joffery, but she excused his behavior by calling him 'strong-willed'.  And she NEVER talked about his cruelty. 
In Tyrions chapter about sending Marcella off to Dorne, when they were at the dock, Tyrion thinks to himself after a very mean comment Joffery makes to his brother about crying 'Can't she see what he is?'  and he marvelled at her refusal to see Joffery for the monster he was.
She made excuse for her psyopathic son up until the end. :-(
2113	mcb	2012-05-16	I think it makes sense that they are making Cersei more likeable. In the books you get her POV and you understand that she does what she does to lookout for her family. What? No. We've known she cares about her family (husband excluded) since Book 1, it was perfectly clear. Actually in her POV chapters she seems less loyal to her House, what with psychological abuse of Tommen and childish tantrums thrown at Jaime or Kevan.
2114	eyeheartsansa	2012-05-16	I kind find that I like all of the feminine TV female characters more then their book counterparts.  I prefer the more rounded versions of them as opposed to the kind of one dimensionality (Cersei-crazy, Catelyn-Hardass, Brienne-Nieve, Margery-sweet).  George wrote males and tomboys better IMO.I'm not sure you're giving George enough credit here.  Most of his female POVs, especially Cercei, are far from one-dimensional the way you're describing.
2115	SerMixalot	2012-05-16	GRRM is a master at character development, giving realistic motivations to his main characters
2116	FantA´me	2012-05-16	I think you are missing my point.  I'm not saying that your description of her is wrong-its not but it is a description of a character with a pretty narrow range of emotions.  That book cersei was either too dense to know Joff was crazy or just didn't want to admit it doesn't matter since it still leaves as this character that you pretty much describe in one word-crazy.  Show cersei actually has real motives for what she does, where book cersei was based on a silly prophecy and an unseen childhood.  I'd rather have the cersei that makes a bit of sense.  Like I said too many of the femal characters in the books had motives that didn't ring true.Guess we'll have to agree to disagree because for me, if book Cersei is crazy it's not nearly enough to summarize her. In fact I think show Cersei is much more simple to describe.And yes, in the show Cersei and her motives are easier to understand and relate to but for me that's damaging to the character. It's not supposed to be easy to love or relate to Cersei ,and it's more interesting this way. Like they did with Catelyn and her reaction to Ned's departure, they're making her a conventional female character. How is that better? I didn't feel like any of the female characters' motives in the books  "didn't ring true". They were just more complex , not as basic and obvious as the show's characters' ones.Well, I suppose it's a matter of opinion and  we just read the books differently.
					
					
							Edited by FantA´me, 16 May 2012 - 07:54 PM.
2117	nara	2012-05-16	I think Lena Headey should read the books.  She thinks she gets Cersei, but how can you without not reading the books?  I know Gwendoline Christie put her heart and soul into her part, reading the books and preparing in every way possible, and Headey didn't even bother reading them.  I think that should be a requirement if you have a main role in the show :\  She's a good actress, but....I was also disappointed when I heard that she hadn't read the books, but I've reconsidered.  Since she hasn't read the books, her interpretation is based on the scripts and the director's direction.  Good or bad, the series is different from the books so she should be acting based on that material.  Also, if an actor knows too much about the future of her character, she might act too much like the future character, not the current character.  People evolve based on their experiences, so I wouldn't want to see her behave too much like her future self without the benefit of her experiences.  Finally, not bothering to read the source material is such a Cersei move that I had to smile!
2118	teemo	2012-05-16	I was also disappointed when I heard that she hadn't read the books, but I've reconsidered.  Since she hasn't read the books, her interpretation is based on the scripts and the director's direction.  Good or bad, the series is different from the books so she should be acting based on that material.  Also, if an actor knows too much about the future of her character, she might act too much like the future character, not the current character.  People evolve based on their experiences, so I wouldn't want to see her behave too much like her future self without the benefit of her experiences.  Finally, not bothering to read the source material is such a Cersei move that I had to smile!Well, it's very difficult to see how unhinged Cersei is if you don't read the books, because she has no POV until book 4.  It's actually really difficult to tell what's going on in a lot of the characters heads' without reading the books (I'm looking at you, Jon Snow).  Sometimes I wonder if she thinks that Cersei is a troubled and broken woman, but a good person deep down.  I really think it's bad not to read the books if you're a main actor in its television series, especially since it's supposed to be a somewhat faithful adaptation of the books.  And Cersei is Cersei, she's crazy in books 1-5.  I do see your point, however /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  Headey has done a fine job so far, and I can imagine her playing a crazy woman.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 16 May 2012 - 09:22 PM.
2119	House Snow	2012-05-16	^  Reading the books wasn't going to somehow change the script.  She was nt given lines that would make her look crazy so why would should act crazy??
2120	Fragile Bird	2012-05-16	One thing I always found facinating about book Cersie was how her POV made me dispise her.  Up until then, I always had some sympathy for her.  Raised to be proud and repeatedly told she was better than others, she's then traded like a mule to a womanizing jackass in love with another woman.  One who doesn't even WANT the power she has always be taught to crave.  (Tywin does value power over honor).   Yes, she was always self-centered and self-absorbed.  But she also was very alone in that her father saw her only as a commodity and never seemed to care about her happiness, needs or wants.I know this concept always comes up, but Cersei was groomed by Tywin from the age of 6 or 7 to marry Rhaegar, and she was bitterly disappointed it didn't happen.  To think that she was traded like a mule to Robert is, I think, a bit of a fantasy created by an unreliable narrator.  I'm quite certain from what we see of her character she was very happy at 17 to become queen, her attitude changing after she was securely married.  And this is why I don't like the sympathetic portrait being painted of Cersei.  She was a ruthless 9 year old, she was a ruthless 15 year old, she was a ruthless 17 year old.  And I don't think she was less ruthless in the 15 years between her marriage and the start of AGOT.  I find the softening of her character unbelievable - my reading of her discussion with Sansa after Sansa's "flowering" in the book was much, much more cynical and brutal than the wiser-older-woman portrayal in Episode 7.
2121	Patchface12	2012-05-17	l dunno. In the preview for next week's episode, I saw Tyrion say to Cersei "you'll pay for this" and her smiling evilly. I think she was just trying to let his guard down with that whole "for our sins" bit.
2122	Currawong	2012-05-17	I really think it's bad not to read the books if you're a main actor in its television series, especially since it's supposed to be a somewhat faithful adaptation of the books.  And Cersei is Cersei, she's crazy in books 1-5.Please folks - understand one very elementary, basic point.	The actor's job is to deliver ON THE SCRIPT, not what he / she thinks "might" or "should" have happened, or what they think the original author may have written or intended.  The actors cannot be second or third guessing the writers and producers.  That is why so many of the actors do not read the books until after they have read the scripts, and some (like Charles Dance) do not read the books at all.Charles Dance explains it very well in his interview, linked to via this site.  He says that in the case of the writing for this show, he didn't need to go and plough through the books, because he wasn't faced with the task any actor dreads - a terrible script and trying to make a silk purse out of a pig's ear (his words).   Seeing his stellar performance as Tywin, does anyone really think he could have somehow "improved" it by reading the books?   I doubt it!	Other actors have explained their job in similar terms - that they have to understand what they have to deliver via the scripts, and thus the books are there to provide further background or fill out any further details.   And a few actors have said they have read all the books.  There is no right or wrong way to approach the task of acting: if Michelle or Lena are delivering on the characters as written in the scripts, then they are doing their jobs.  And they are clearly doing them extremely well.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 17 May 2012 - 01:23 AM.
2123	SerMixalot	2012-05-17	If he read the books perhaps he wouldnt have smiled or laughed, but I see your point.
2124	Currawong	2012-05-17	If he read the books perhaps he wouldnt have smiled or laughed, but I see your point.Yes, but we don't know what was written in the scripts or what was required by the relevant director!  That is what I was trying to explain, so if the script or the director require that there is a slight smile or laugh, or the scene as written works better that way, then it is up to Charles Dance to deliver it as a "Tywin" type smile or laugh.   It is irrelevant whether 'the books' say that he never smiled or laughed - it is what the script and director/s say.
2125	RoamingRonin	2012-05-17	Poor  Jack Gleeson taking the fall for everybody  . /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />Yea I know, but he's young, adaptable and his screen time is limited to about this time next season.  But Charles Dance is established as an actor and they may not have got Lena Headey to play straight up Cersei's book character.Well, I don't think it's about their reputations: Lena Headey has already said that people won't let her sign their books during meet and greets.  I think it's mostly so people will still be willing to watch them without utter loathing. Joffery dies within the next two seasons and so does Tywin. But Cersei will be around much longer.
2126	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2012-05-17	I'd say that Lena H has been doing a fantastic job as an actress.  Even with the last episode....
The problem is the writers and people who are coming up with these ridiculous scenes.
2127	Raksha the Demon	2012-05-17	Well, I don't think it's about their reputations: Lena Headey has already said that people won't let her sign their books during meet and greets.  I think it's mostly so people will still be willing to watch them without utter loathing. Joffery dies within the next two seasons and so does Tywin. But Cersei will be around much longer.I don't blame Ms. Headey for TV-Cersei; she didn't write the script; it's indeed her job to act the part she's given in the context of how she is directed.  The books are not as relevant to that job as is the script and the direction.  And how rude of people not to let her sign their books; Lena Headey is not an incest-committing sinister queen, she's an actress who portrays one on television.
2128	Ser Giant	2012-05-17	They're fans, short for fanatics. It's the sign of great character development that people won't let "Cersei" sign their book/item/whatever. I would let anybody from the author to the lowest paid extra sign my book(except for Ros of course:-)), every character is important.
Lena has been perfect with her acting in this series, not really sure why she is being questioned. If you have problems with the script/direction that's fine, but the actor playing the part is doing a better job than anyone else they could have gotten(same goes for 90% or more of the entire cast).
					
					
							Edited by Ser Giant, 17 May 2012 - 12:05 PM.
2129	Librarian of Lannisport	2012-05-17	I know this concept always comes up, but Cersei was groomed by Tywin from the age of 6 or 7 to marry Rhaegar, and she was bitterly disappointed it didn't happen. To think that she was traded like a mule to Robert is, I think, a bit of a fantasy created by an unreliable narrator. I'm quite certain from what we see of her character she was very happy at 17 to become queen, her attitude changing after she was securely married. And this is why I don't like the sympathetic portrait being painted of Cersei. She was a ruthless 9 year old, she was a ruthless 15 year old, she was a ruthless 17 year old. And I don't think she was less ruthless in the 15 years between her marriage and the start of AGOT. I find the softening of her character unbelievable - my reading of her discussion with Sansa after Sansa's "flowering" in the book was much, much more cynical and brutal than the wiser-older-woman portrayal in Episode 7.Actually, that was the point I was trying to make.  Up until Cersei became a POV character, I had some sympathy for her.  I could even make an assumption that she was fairly intelligent.  But once she became  POV, I was appalled at her behavior.  To me, it says a lot of GRRM's abilities to play ping-pong with our opinion of character. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />What I love about both the books and that scene was that it drove home to me what a good ACTRESS Cersei (no Lena H.) is in the books.  She's very good at portraying emotions and sympathy that she doesn't feel.  If anything, it makes me realize how manipulative she is - a characteristic very common in successful psychopaths. i.e. the ones not in prison.
2130	Karish Stark	2012-05-17	Actually, that was the point I was trying to make. Up until Cersei became a POV character, I had some sympathy for her. I could even make an assumption that she was fairly intelligent. But once she became POV, I was appalled at her behavior. To me, it says a lot of GRRM's abilities to play ping-pong with our opinion of character. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> What I love about both the books and that scene was that it drove home to me what a good ACTRESS Cersei (no Lena H.) is in the books. She's very good at portraying emotions and sympathy that she doesn't feel. If anything, it makes me realize how manipulative she is - a characteristic very common in successful psychopaths. i.e. the ones not in prison.I completely agree with you. Cersei is manipulative from the start but we don't fully realize that until we get a glimpse into her mind. Which now makes me wonder if the show is also setting it up this way (showing her as emotional now and then later revealing most of it was an act). In that case I won't be as disappointed with how she is being portrayed now.IMO, Cersei was mean and not entirely sane from a younger age (not sure of the exact age), given the way she treated Tyrion the baby and her friend Melara Hetherspoon (if she actually did kill her). I guess I just cant understand how an older, normal, sane sister can treat a baby sibling that way.
2131	Sirielle	2012-05-19	Same goes for that change in first season about her child with Robert that she supposedly lost when in the book she aborted.While I understand why they would change it for the sake of the show, I didn't like it because Cersei's deep hatred for Robert is an important and interesting part of her character which is not groundless ; he was unfaithful, she never wanted to marry him, she wanted Rhaegar, apparently she was maritally raped by him.I believe she was lying to Catelyn about loosing a baby. Her sympathy to Cat and Bran wasn't genuine at all. It was all a game to see if Cat or anyone suspects anything and to turn possible suspicions away. I thought it was obvious lie for viewers. Also she says she loved Robert once, yet he ruined it all right during their wedding night. Of course she loved Rhaegar more, as we know from books, but still Robert was a likable here in the moment she married him.
2132	FantA´me	2012-05-19	I believe she was lying to Catelyn about loosing a baby. Her sympathy to Cat and Bran wasn't genuine at all. It was all a game to see if Cat or anyone suspects anything and to turn possible suspicions away. I thought it was obvious lie for viewers. Also she says she loved Robert once, yet he ruined it all right during their wedding night. Of course she loved Rhaegar more, as we know from books, but still Robert was a likable here in the moment she married him.She never says she loved Robert in the books iirc. Only in the show. Yes she mentions him saying Lyanna' name during their wedding night when Ned asks why she hates him but I don't think she says she ever loved him. All of that is only in the show.About the lost baby thing, she mentions it again  in her conversation with Robert in I forgot which episode (but there's only one real conversation between them so). Weird if it was really made up. And it doesn't really help a non reader to think it's a lie.
2133	teemo	2012-05-19	Well, I don't think it's about their reputations: Lena Headey has already said that people won't let her sign their books during meet and greets. I think it's mostly so people will still be willing to watch them without utter loathing. Joffery dies within the next two seasons and so does Tywin. But Cersei will be around much longer.This and the combination of wanting to focus on JOFFREY THE EVIL KID VILLAIN are probably the reasons Cersei's evilness has been played down a lot.  When Joffrey dies they'll probably let Cersei go wild.  I'd like to see a little more of that side though beforehand, however.  What is the worst thing she's even done in the series so far, anyway, besides being a Lannister?  She ordered Lady killed....she's been kind of mean to Tyrion.....she's ripped up a few letters...am I missing anything?  In the books, we were able to see how nasty she was through a lot of her interactions with Sansa.  We saw a little of that this season, but nothing too memorable.  I wonder if she'll tell Sansa during the Blackwater when she was drunk how one of her greatest weapons is between her legs, or whatever she said.  That whole conversation was pretty insightful of who Cersei really is.
2134	Sirielle	2012-05-19	About the lost baby thing, she mentions it again  in her conversation with Robert in I forgot which episode (but there's only one real conversation between them so).You must be right, that's possible her affection to Robert wasn't mentioned in the books. I remember the early events better from the series than the book ones, got to re-read /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Still after seeing what really has happened viewers should know she isn't genuine with her confession to Cat.
2135	teemo	2012-05-19	It's probably easier for the writers to kind of replace Rhaegar with Robert...Cersei always pretended it was Rhaegar when Robert slept with her, and they were both young, brave, and handsome.  Some of the ways she talks about Robert in the show, I think, "That's what she thought about Rhaegar...not Robert."
2136	FantA´me	2012-05-19	You must be right, that's possible her affection to Robert wasn't mentioned in the books. I remember the early events better from the series than the book ones, got to re-read /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Still after seeing what really has happened viewers should know she isn't genuine with her confession to Cat.You mean Jaime pushing Bran out of the window? They're going to know her sympathy is probably not genuine but they won't necessarily doubt the story about her lost child. Especially not if she mentions it again to Robert himself. In fact I don't think it's even supposed to be a lie, just a deviation from the books.
2137	bloodymime	2012-05-20	It's strange, I can see the changes trying to make Cersei more likable yet I already dislike show Cersei so much more than I ever had the Cersei of the books and there's no real reason for it it's just a complete visceral loathing of her. Is she really so limited in her comebacks to Tyrion in the books? All she ever says is what a clever little dwarf you are. Add the actresses voice to her repetitive banter and
Wait that's it, it's completely the actress, can't stand her voice and that stupid half smile.
2138	teemo	2012-05-15	THESE ARE THE SCREEN-TIMES OF CHARACTERS FROM EPISODES 1-7:
Average length of a scene - 3:02
Longest scene - Jaime Lannister talking to Alton in jail (6:05)
Most screen-time overall - Jaime Lannister 11:15, followed by Catelyn Stark at 9:11
Tyrion Lannister - 52:25
Arya Stark - 49:27
Jon Snow - 39:55
Theon Greyjoy - 38
Daenerys Targaryen - 37:37
Catelyn Stark - 34:11
Petyr Baelish/Littlefinger - 28:25
Cersei Lannister - 27:17
Davos Seaworth - 24:52
Sansa Stark - 24:21
Brienne Tarth - 24:01 
Varys - 22:13
Robb Stark - 20:55
Renly Baratheon - 20:43
Bran Stark - 20:01
Xaro Xhoan Daxos - 19:53
Joffrey Baratheon - 19:42
Stannis Baratheon - 19:31
Gendry - 19:19 
Melisandre - 18:32
Tywin Lannister - 18:22
Jaime Lannister - 14:44
Samwell Tarly - 13:15
Sandor Clegane/The Hound - 12:43
Margaery Tyrell - 11:37
Ros - 11:00
Shae - 10:21
Loras Tyrell - 9:31
Asha/Yara Greyjoy - 8:43
Grand Maester Pycelle - 8:17
Balon Greyjoy - 7:34
Roose Bolton - 5:05
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 17 May 2012 - 03:48 PM.
2139	teemo	2012-05-16	Jaime took a huge jump.
2140	Xray the Enforcer	2012-05-16	Stannis has 19:31 minutes of screen time. How many of those were spent grinding his teeth? /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
2141	teemo	2012-05-16	Haa....exactly zero /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />  And Stannis has been MIA for.....4 episodes now? /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
2142	House Snow	2012-05-16	In other words the people most bitched about have gotten the least amount of time (except Littlefinger I guess)
					
					
							Edited by House Snow, 16 May 2012 - 09:50 PM.
2143	Fat Mac	2012-05-16	Noticed Tyrion really only had one scene this week, which is unusual for him. Either way he'll still have the most screen time at the end of the season.
And also, the more Roose Bolton the better imo.
2144	Davos55	2012-05-16	I agree, Roose is great and  I would love to see some more of him.
We really need to see more of Stannis and Davos..they have been MIA for so long it is ridiculous.
Also, Varys has been gone for a very long time.
Same with Hot Pie..he has been phased out almost completely..which sucks /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
2145	Lord Balbi	2012-05-17	Awesome information! /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
2146	gogorath	2012-05-17	Thanks for doing this!
2147	Tourniquet	2012-05-17	Brienne is higher than I would have expected, but I guess she was standing there for the entire Cat scene with Jaime...
Stannis/Davos must return this episode or viewers are going to forget he even exists when he comes to KL...I remember in book rooting for Stannis when it was Davos' chapter and rooting for KL when it was Tyrion's chapter. I don't see any viewers rooting for Stannis which is a shame as we should want him to win (IMO).
2148	True Northerner	2012-05-17	I think it's so awesome you do this... which begs the question, how do you do it! Is it literally sitting with a timer? Or is there some ultra hi-tech way to get this kind of information for television shows I don't know about?
2149	teemo	2012-05-17	Yeah, characters like Gendry, Xaro, Brienne, they are highly inflated due to being around another character that grabs all of the attention.  That's why I haven't even done some characters, like Jorah.  He's virtually in every scene with Dany, minus this last week with Quaithe.  I did Gendry and Xaro by request, and Brienne's will start to be different when she's not with Cat.  I remember one scene with Cat, I had to look very, very closely to see if Brienne was in the background.  I decided I couldn't, so I didn't include it.  I pretty much give any character screen-time minutes though that's visible, even if they're just standing there (or dead.  I gave Renly his dead minutes).  And timing it is nothing fancy, I just manually do it.  Yeah, I'm a dork!
2150	Serr Parker	2012-05-17	Brienne is higher than I would have expected, but I guess she was standing there for the entire Cat scene with Jaime... Stannis/Davos must return this episode or viewers are going to forget he even exists when he comes to KL...I remember in book rooting for Stannis when it was Davos' chapter and rooting for KL when it was Tyrion's chapter. I don't see any viewers rooting for Stannis which is a shame as we should want him to win (IMO).Agreed, I was hoping Stannis won the whole time but didn't want Tryion to die. Problem is in the series Tyrion is the most liked character and people haven't seen enough of Stannis and Davos to like them so really people are going to be rooting for the Lannisters
2151	Hyper	2012-05-17	Thanks again for compiling this, it is always appreciated.
Funny how the outrage of certain characters lack or excess of screen time was so hotly debated at the start of the season. After 7 episodes, the list now looks quite reasonable, I'd say. I'd have a hard time seeing anyone argue with ranking of the top 5.
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 17 May 2012 - 06:31 PM.
2152	tryagainlater	2012-05-17	Keep up the great work hk47. I'm surprised by how much screentime Varys has had because I feel like we haven't seen him in ages.
2153	The Blackfyre Pretender	2012-05-19	Ros has more screen time than Roose Bolton... http://chzgifs.files...etings-suck.gif
2154	Crown	2012-05-19	Haa....exactly zero /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />  And Stannis has been MIA for.....4 episodes now? /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />He appeared in The North Remembers, The Night Lands, Garden of Bones and The Ghost of Harrenhall, that means he didn't appear in What Is Dead May Never Die, The Old Gods and the New and A Man Without Honor. So he's MIA for two episodes now. Same for Davos. We need more screentime for them!
					
					
							Edited by Crown, 19 May 2012 - 05:40 AM.
2155	Onion Smuggler	2012-05-19	Lack of Jaqen H'gar screen time in my opinion. Ros /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
2156	Turinqui-Calima	2012-05-19	This is really interesting - Thank you so much for doing this!
If you are taking request it would be fun to see stats for the direwolves and dragons too.
2157	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-19	Jaime not being last on the list like last week (Christ sake, HBO) pleases me greatly.
Problem, Ros? /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 19 May 2012 - 09:22 AM.
2158	Fat Mac	2012-05-19	I'm pretty glad Rickons been getting some lines. I dont know why I enjoy that kid, but I do.
2159	Morrigan	2012-05-19	I know this might seem weird coming from me as I don't really like TV-Shae... but shouldn't she have more screen time? Her relationship with Tyrion makes a very, very significant part of all the Tyrion chapters and she is his main personal preoccupation (note I said "personal", so I means beyond obvious things like the war and the starving, unstable city that clearly occupy his mind). Yet we barely see her, let alone with Tyrion. As of today her screen time is below Ros's, which is pretty amusing, I guess.
2160	DirtyRobes	2012-05-20	Ros - 11:00 Shae - 10:21 Balon Greyjoy - 7:34 Roose Bolton - 5:05Ros & Shae;BOTH have double the screen time of Roose Bolton!Both have more screen time than Balon Greyjoy!!Writers please revise this list for season 3!!!SHAME!!!I hope this appeases you. I simply quoted the op as it was past original page, meant no offence.
					
					
							Edited by DirtyRobes, 23 May 2012 - 02:17 PM.
2161	Isis	2012-05-20	There really is no need to use the quote function to quote the entire OP. Unless you quote a different post it is assumed your comments refer to the OP. It is also possible to edit quotes, ie hit the quote button and then delete any irrelevant parts. OT: I think most of us would agree that on balance our fears from earlier in the season re. screen time have been taken care of. That is, over time it has levelled out. Not null
2162	teemo	2012-05-20	Wait for Ros' 50 minute scene tonight, and Shae's in half of it.
2163	Rapsie	2012-05-20	Wait for Ros' 50 minute scene tonight, and Shae's in half of it.But I thought tonight's episode would be Tywin and Arya visiting Oldtown Disneyworld and giggling together as they compare Space Mountain to Gregor Clegane and Cersei's beauty to Cinderella whilst Tywin laughs about highborn girls in disguise as simple peasants.
2164	turdle	2012-05-16	i have to assume at this point that sam is going to be the one to find the stash of dragon glass, but i'm surprised that hasn't come up yet. the way they've been speeding the story up so much, it looks like sam's going to need it by the end of this season.
2165	turdle	2012-05-19	any thoughts?
2166	zippypoodle	2012-05-19	I seriously doubt the attack on the Fist will occur until season 3. I'd be surprised if we see Sam and company again this season,
2167	Crown	2012-05-19	The recap of the previous epsiode released on youtube is always the 'previously on Game of Thrones' segment of the next episode. Take a look at this recap: http://www.youtube.c...uI&feature=plcp, it shows Sam & Co at the Fist. Why would they show them if they aren't going to show them in the episode? Basically we got confirmation that they're in this episode, and most likely to find the stash, what can they do else? Also, we heard the three horn blasts in the first teaser/trailer, so perhaps they're ending the season with a cliffhanger at the Fist?
2168	turdle	2012-05-19	The recap of the previous epsiode released on youtube is always the 'previously on Game of Thrones' segment of the next episode. Take a look at this recap: http://www.youtube.c...uI&feature=plcp, it shows Sam & Co at the Fist. Why would they show them if they aren't going to show them in the episode? Basically we got confirmation that they're in this episode, and most likely to find the stash, what can they do else? Also, we heard the three horn blasts in the first teaser/trailer, so perhaps they're ending the season with a cliffhanger at the Fist?before the season started i guessed that the season would end with the prolog of asos (or something like it where the 3 horn blasts come), but what a bang this season would go out with if they ended the season with battle at the fist.
2169	Crown	2012-05-19	before the season started i guessed that the season would end with the prolog of asos (or something like it where the 3 horn blasts come), but what a bang this season would go out with if they ended the season with battle at the fist.I don't think they're going to show the battle at the Fist. We'll see White Walkers approaching the Fist, three horn blasts, screaming, and credits. Holy fuck, that would be awesome!
2170	turdle	2012-05-19	I don't think they're going to show the battle at the Fist. We'll see White Walkers approaching the Fist, three horn blasts, screaming, and credits. Holy fuck, that would be awesome!you're probably right, and next season will start with sam and the surviving NW running (through the woods i guess? though there doesn't seem to be any trees anywhere near them). they'll probably skip showing the battle for budget reasons, but a man can hope.
2171	Fengari	2012-05-20	I think they'll find the dragonglass this episode, and the season will end with three horn blasts. Next season will open with the aftermath of the battle. We will not get to see it. We already know they like to skip battles, and it would take too much extras in a remote part of Iceland to even show enough white walkers climbing the fist to make an impact.
2172	protar	2012-05-20	I think we might get some of the battle at the fist in S3. Just the tail end of them breaking free. I mean it would make a good episode climax and with some clever camera work they could make it seem bigger than it is.
2173	sennahoj	2012-05-20	i think maybe Sam finds the dragonglass later on, in season 3, when the NW is on the retreat, so it would tie in with him slaying a White Walker. As for the Battle at the Fist, I expect the producers will use some sort of cheap way to gloss over the battle like "wights approaching, blades drawn, fade to black, screams, end credits"
2174	SerMixalot	2012-05-20	I thinkthey could have a short scene this week establishng what has happened on the fist, have sam find the dragonglass and that would be enoughto set up a cliffhanger of the others attack on the fist for the end of the season
2175	Sarnius	2012-05-20	Ohh man seriously!?
It just ruins it that Jon wasn't the one that found it. It showed how much they relied on Jon and how much they missed him.
Dammit.
2176	Leuf	2012-05-20	That might be why Ghost left Jon, to go back and help Sam find it.
2177	SerMixalot	2012-05-20	I think ghost is more likely to hunt and eat sam then help him, but.... /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
2178	victim	2012-05-20	Ghost is going to show up and save Jon and Qhorin from their Wildling captors.
2179	protar	2012-05-20	I think ghost is more likely to hunt and eat sam then help him, but.... /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />I just had a hilarious mental image of Sam huffing and puffing through the snow as Ghost closed in behind.
2180	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-18	Thinking over a few of the "changes" or diversions from/additions to the books has me wondering... as the producers of the show have been informed of the endgame for the series, are they letting us in on plot and character developments that were meant to be revealed in later books? And if so, how do you feel about it?
Take LF brokering the Tyrell/Lannister alliance.  Some decry his appearance at Renly's camp and Harrenhal as deviations from the books, but are they?  He disappeared from the books for quite some time and no one knows where the hell he was until he showed up to spirit Sansa away from KL.  Perhaps he did make one or both of those trips and interact with Renly, Catelyn, Margaery and/or Tywin and GRRM just felt the time was not yet right to let us know.
Other tidbits include the leaving aside of all doubt regarding Margaery Tyrell's ambition and the nature of Stannis and Melisandre's relationship, both of which we strongly suspect from previous books but neither was ever completely confirmed (I realize Mel makes reference to Stannis being in her bed in one of her POV's, but I still saw room for interpretation if George wanted to make use of it).  Is all this early revelation a good thing?  Bad thing?  A necessary thing?
For my part I hate the idea that things are being ruined for me.  And some of the things I love about the books are the ambiguities.  The one and only "reveal" that I absolutely drooled over was the scene showing Rickon violently smashing up a potato(?) as he sat next to Bran during his daily Lord of Winterfell duties.  As I've mentioned before, I can't see the purpose for that act other than to foreshadow the savage, vengeance-seeking beast Rickon's going to become.  I've thought the clues for this were pretty clear in the books but am thrilled to see what I feel is a little bit of additional support for this expectation of mine.
Any other changes that might be reveals anyone can think of?
2181	zippypoodle	2012-05-19	I suspect that Margaery's clear calculating ambition in the show is a deviation from the novel rather than a true revelation of something above book-Margaery. I like it because it sets up a much better conflict between Margaery and Cersei than the one we get in the books IMO.
2182	Stanmore	2012-05-19	I've wondered about this. If George has really told D&D where the story is going and they decide to stick to the same destination but not take all the same roots then there's a chance they'll drop red herrings that George has us all believing, or overemphasise subtle foreshadowing that the book readers haven't really picked up on yet.
To be honest though, by this point the show has deviated far enough from things we know for sure happened in the books that we can't really know if any particular change is a refinement of George's overall plot or an extraneous addition of D&D's own invention.
I think the bigger worry is that the show overtakes the books, if that occurs and they stick even vaguely to the story GRRM has laid out for them then spoilers will be inevitable.
2183	Yuki_no_Jon	2012-05-19	for me... the changes are for the worse.. especially in this 7th episode...
they DESTROYED Jon's character!
I could bare Arya been skow as a fool (I mean by being face to face with Tywin and not asking his death). lets say it was the circumstances...
I even could bear the "stealing" of the dragons! (although, come on? a king in Quarth? even that hatefull -and in the series even more- Danny doesn't deserve to have all her "folk" killed... why her maids???)
I could bear that because it is used to drive her to THU without taking too much time to explain her thinking and internal conflicts.
But I can't bare, Jon to follow Ygritte (and subsequently sleep with her) by being a traitor to the Watch! we've seen clearly that even later when he really loved her, chose the Watch over her!
so, even from that point, the changes ruin and later revelations, like Jon's choice or Arya's going to the Faceless men...
As about Margery, I can't decide if it is to drive us to believe in Cersei's claims.. and Margery to be the younger queen...
but for sure, events that we already know, ARE destroyed.
EDIT: not to mention that even though not in episode 7, they KILLED Stannis! he would never have slept with Melisandre only for having a son!
					
					
							Edited by Yuki_no_Jon, 19 May 2012 - 12:06 PM.
2184	The Other Knight	2012-05-19	It is much easier to explain and connect the dots of something that happens 400 pages later when you really don't have a time limit. We do not want a show full of exposition. Laying the ground work for something like the Tyrell/Lannister relationship gets rid of the awkward pauses in the story when things need to be explained.for me... the changes are for the worse.. especially in this 7th episode... they DESTROYED Jon's character! I could bare Arya been skow as a fool (I mean by being face to face with Tywin and not asking his death). lets say it was the circumstances... I even could bear the "stealing" of the dragons! (although, come on? a king in Quarth? even that hatefull -and in the series even more- Danny doesn't deserve to have all her "folk" killed... why her maids???) I could bear that because it is used to drive her to THU without taking too much time to explain her thinking and internal conflicts. But I can't bare, Jon to follow Ygritte (and subsequently sleep with her) by being a traitor to the Watch! we've seen clearly that even later when he really loved her, chose the Watch over her! so, even from that point, the changes ruin and later revelations, like Jon's choice or Arya's going to the Faceless men... As about Margery, I can't decide if it is to drive us to believe in Cersei's claims.. and Margery to be the younger queen... but for sure, events that we already know, ARE destroyed. EDIT: not to mention that even though not in episode 7, they KILLED Stannis! he would never have slept with Melisandre only for having a son!Perhaps you should wait for the season to be over before making such an assumption?
					
					
							Edited by The Other Knight, 19 May 2012 - 12:59 PM.
2185	Admiral Bolton	2012-05-19	For some reason I just can't see HBO adapting beyond Storm of Swords. Feast and Dance just seem unfilmable.
2186	The Other Knight	2012-05-19	I honestly don't see how they are unfilmable. If anything, their filming will probably make them much better. A lot of streamlining and getting to the point.
The funny thing is, where ASOS needs to be 20 episodes, you could probably bring in AFFC and ADWD in about 15 combined.
2187	Pellaeon	2012-05-19	If GRRM told D&D how it ends it realy could ruin the last books, if they wont be careful it could ruind the books, because they must show what happens not out of a single POV but from a general POV ike the Jeyne scene with Jaime in AFFC
2188	AeonFrog	2012-05-19	I honestly don't see how they are unfilmable. If anything, their filming will probably make them much better. A lot of streamlining and getting to the point. The funny thing is, where ASOS needs to be 20 episodes, you could probably bring in AFFC and ADWD in about 15 combined.This. Half of both AFFC and ADWD are just characters traveling from place to place (ex. Brienne, Tyrion, Sam, etc.), which can easily be streamlined in the show.
2189	turdle	2012-05-19	from season 1, the scene where petyr and varys are in the throne room and varys asks petyr how he pictures himself up on the throne. if littlefinger ends up on the throne, i'm going to be pissed at HBO for spoiling that for me.
2190	Pellaeon	2012-05-19	from season 1, the scene where petyr and varys are in the throne room and varys asks petyr how he pictures himself up on the throne. if littlefinger ends up on the throne, i'm going to be pissed at HBO for spoiling that for me.Before or after burn the books for this horrible, horrible ending?
					
					
							Edited by Pellaeon, 19 May 2012 - 03:50 PM.
2191	SerMixalot	2012-05-19	I believe in the books that LF was behind the Tyrell Lannister alliance, and much of Tyrells machinations.
2192	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-19	I don't believe that any changes we've seen alter clear plot points. We can argue about whether characters have changed (more or less sympathetic/onedimensional etc.) but in terms of plot I don't see any real objections. 
You make a good point about the lack of ambiguity in some cases, but that is really inherent to the medium. If we don't see something, it's absent. On the other hand, if we do see something it's clearly present. There is no ambiguous middle ground. If we don't see Margary talking about her ambitions, we don't have any reason to think about it either ( unlike the booka in which cersei's pov makes us question margary's actions) But again, her 'changed' personality does not have to change her ACTIONS in the future. In other words, the plot does not have to suffer because of this change.
Another thing that we have to keep in mind is that different readers have different ideas about what (future) events are/aren't important. What are te means and what are the ends? 
Take Jon: if he beheads Qorin because of his orders, I think they've stuck to the plot. If he beheads Qorin because of some crazy passionate love for Ygritte, I'd be dissappointed. I have no reason to believe the latter will happen but you never know. Other readers might think that ygritte's escape is more essential and see that as an end in itself. I disagree and I just see it as a means to reach the "qorin beheading" plot point. The producers chose a diffferent route but the result can still be the same.
2193	zippypoodle	2012-05-19	for me... the changes are for the worse.. especially in this 7th episode... they DESTROYED Jon's character! I could bare Arya been skow as a fool (I mean by being face to face with Tywin and not asking his death). lets say it was the circumstances... I even could bear the "stealing" of the dragons! (although, come on? a king in Quarth? even that hatefull -and in the series even more- Danny doesn't deserve to have all her "folk" killed... why her maids???) I could bear that because it is used to drive her to THU without taking too much time to explain her thinking and internal conflicts. But I can't bare, Jon to follow Ygritte (and subsequently sleep with her) by being a traitor to the Watch! we've seen clearly that even later when he really loved her, chose the Watch over her! so, even from that point, the changes ruin and later revelations, like Jon's choice or Arya's going to the Faceless men... As about Margery, I can't decide if it is to drive us to believe in Cersei's claims.. and Margery to be the younger queen... but for sure, events that we already know, ARE destroyed. EDIT: not to mention that even though not in episode 7, they KILLED Stannis! he would never have slept with Melisandre only for having a son!They didn't destroy Jon's character. She flirted with him plenty before he agreed to sleep with her and by the time he doesn't, it's not just to "prove" himself despite his rationalization to himself. Plus, we are almost certain to get the scene where Qhorin orders Jon to kill him and pretend to be with the Wildlings prior to him doing Ygritte.   Arya was no more a fool in the show than in the books because Tywin was in Harrenhall  in the books and she didn't say his name to Jaqen in the books. And Stannis sleeping with Melisandre is directly from the book.
2194	teemo	2012-05-19	from season 1, the scene where petyr and varys are in the throne room and varys asks petyr how he pictures himself up on the throne. if littlefinger ends up on the throne, i'm going to be pissed at HBO for spoiling that for me. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> wow, that would blow my mind.
2195	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-19	from season 1, the scene where petyr and varys are in the throne room and varys asks petyr how he pictures himself up on the throne. if littlefinger ends up on the throne, i'm going to be pissed at HBO for spoiling that for me.Yeah, that was a scene that got me, too.  Clearly these two are responsible for a lot with their behind the scenes machinations, but in the books we don't exactly know what their endgames are, and where they stand vis-a-vis each other.  I wondered if it was telling that they were so blatantly matched head to head in those throne room scenes.  As if they were the real players and the rest were just the pawns on the game board.
2196	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-19	And Stannis sleeping with Melisandre is directly from the book.Yes and no...Mel makes a reference to her bed being empty since Stannis left the Wall (or something to that effect), but although that strongly suggests they're sleeping together, it still leaves a little room for mis/interpretation, if GRRM wants to play with it and us.  And I think Yuki no Jon was referring to the fact that TV Stannis was won over by Mel just because she promised him a son, which I agree didn't really strike me as true to his character.  Someone correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't think I can remember any mention or suggestion of his great desire for a son.  I never read Stannis as power-hungry or obsessed with his legacy or other such; always felt he wanted the throne because he is obsessed with rules and law and what he feels is "right."  He is the rightful heir according to the laws of succession and so he feels it's his duty to fill that role.  He's also bitter over the past with his brothers and not having been given what he felt should have been his when Robert took the throne, that being Storm's End.  So now he wants what he feels he's owed.  But these seemed to me his only motivations for seeking power.
2197	GoodGuyA	2012-05-19	I honestly don't see how they are unfilmable. If anything, their filming will probably make them much better. A lot of streamlining and getting to the point. Totally agree. The Kingsmoot in AFFC was long and tedious, but I think as a TV event it could work as something really magnificent.
2198	Yuki_no_Jon	2012-05-20	They didn't destroy Jon's character. She flirted with him plenty before he agreed to sleep with her and by the time he doesn't, it's not just to "prove" himself despite his rationalization to himself. Plus, we are almost certain to get the scene where Qhorin orders Jon to kill him and pretend to be with the Wildlings prior to him doing Ygritte.   Arya was no more a fool in the show than in the books because Tywin was in Harrenhall  in the books and she didn't say his name to Jaqen in the books. And Stannis sleeping with Melisandre is directly from the book.Yes and no...Mel makes a reference to her bed being empty since Stannis left the Wall (or something to that effect), but although that strongly suggests they're sleeping together, it still leaves a little room for mis/interpretation, if GRRM wants to play with it and us.  And I think Yuki no Jon was referring to the fact that TV Stannis was won over by Mel just because she promised him a son, which I agree didn't really strike me as true to his character.  Someone correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't think I can remember any mention or suggestion of his great desire for a son.  I never read Stannis as power-hungry or obsessed with his legacy or other such; always felt he wanted the throne because he is obsessed with rules and law and what he feels is "right."  He is the rightful heir according to the laws of succession and so he feels it's his duty to fill that role.  He's also bitter over the past with his brothers and not having been given what he felt should have been his when Robert took the throne, that being Storm's End.  So now he wants what he feels he's owed.  But these seemed to me his only motivations for seeking power.Yes, I did meant that the motive was different! and for me, it doesn't only matter for an event to occur, but to occur in such a way that the character isn't changed!It is as Rickon is FIERCE said. I don't mind that Stannis slept with Melissandre (he probably did the same in the books), but it was crystal clear that he hadn't fallen for her as a woman. It was her sorcery that he needed!As about Ygritte-chan, -I was so dissappointed by the tv show that I had to reread the specific chapter- she didn't started right away to try to seduce him. and still, even if she did, he tried till the end to stay faith to his vows! (remember.. he did betrayed her, even though his heart wanted to stay with her forever and ever!)But I;m afraid that they won't show us Halfhand at all... and that this last scene meant that Ygritte trapped Jon and brought him to Mance Rayder! That's why I'm so furious with that specific part. If not for this, I find no point in the whole story with her trying to escape, when Jon clearly let her go! /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
2199	SerMixalot	2012-05-20	For me alot the characterization has changed with the series
for example with Jon: Now I and QH would have to question whether he has already turned or started to turn or seriously started to consider turning his cloak due to lust for Y.  That makes his turning on orders far less noble and pure and reluctant, which goes directly  torwards his character.  One will feel that he is far less guilty over sleeping with Y now that he has been shown considering it
WRT to Arya, we have lost much of her fouindations for becoming a super ninja.  Her needlework, her leadership on the road, her being a mouse and a sheep all serve as the foundation for becoming a FM later in the series.  IN the book these things went towards her losing her identity and becoming a shadow with many identities.  Her becoming a ruthless killer which happens when she escapes Harrenhall should now come as a completely out of character moment.  By this time in the book she had killed several men at her own hands
2200	Rickon is FIERCE	2012-05-20	WRT to Arya, we have lost much of her fouindations for becoming a super ninja. Her needlework, her leadership on the road, her being a mouse and a sheep all serve as the foundation for becoming a FM later in the series. IN the book these things went towards her losing her identity and becoming a shadow with many identities. Her becoming a ruthless killer which happens when she escapes Harrenhall should now come as a completely out of character moment. By this time in the book she had killed several men at her own handsExactly.  I watched the throwdown scene where Yoren's killed and the Night's Watch recruits are captured and when it was over...WTF??? Felt like ALL the air and the drama of that interlude was missing.  Way too short.  Way too dull.  It was a non-event.  And whilst Yoren's death was cool and important to see, what happens with ARYA is the point of the scene, and all she did was run around and look scared and hand over an axe and then run away and fall down.  Really irked me that the cage with Jaqen wasn't inside a barn...there was practically no suspense or danger element to her just waltzing over and handing him an axe, without having to take much personal risk.
					
					
							Edited by Rickon is FIERCE, 20 May 2012 - 10:57 AM.
2201	Rapsie	2012-05-20	For me alot the characterization has changed with the seriesWRT to Arya, we have lost much of her fouindations for becoming a super ninja.  Her needlework, her leadership on the road, her being a mouse and a sheep all serve as the foundation for becoming a FM later in the series.  IN the book these things went towards her losing her identity and becoming a shadow with many identities.  Her becoming a ruthless killer which happens when she escapes Harrenhall should now come as a completely out of character moment.  By this time in the book she had killed several men at her own handsThe whole point (I always felt) about her being the Ghost in Harrenhal was that she had just gone through being the sheep and without anyway to defend herself with Gregor's men, but in Harrenhal, she began her path to the FM by realizing the advantages of striking from the shadows. We haven't seen her practice her sword work at all. Given the events in the 4th and 5th book, the fact that Needle is the only tangible connection to Winterfell and her last link to who she is, they have not made all that much of a point about it.Personally I have loved the scenes with Arya and Tywin as pieces of great acting, however they have now completely made Arya not realizing she should have Jaqen H'ghar kill Tywin unbelievable. She never interacted with Tywin in the books, so it made sense, but now it is sort of a dumb move on her part. Also it may not have anything to do with the plot, but a certain man in a bath scene might have been nice after all the Ros we have faced.But going back to the OP, last year GRRM said he didn't want them to do what they did to Marillion and not to kill Mago as he is important in the next book: HBO did it anyway. I sometimes suspect that HBO now have thought they can write the story better than GRRM. Certainly the recent changes have badly effected the way Cersei, Sansa, Jon, Dany and Cat have been portrayed and I think it has damaged Arya's storyline development.
2202	protar	2012-05-20	Does anyone else think Arya's mention of Darksister in this episode curious, especially as it has yet to be mentioned in the books so far IIRC? There are some theories going around that Arya will somehow obtain Darksister so perhaps it's a hint to that, or maybe it's simply just a wink and a nod to those theories.
2203	Nuttz	2012-05-14	Now, it's been a while since I've read CoK so my memory may be a little hazy, but here goes:
Does the (implied) imprisonment of Jon contradict the book-wildings? If I remember correctly, the wildings never capture members of the Night's Watch. They either kill them, or let them turn their cloaks. There could also be some trouble further down the road if, as some poeple have suggested, Qhorin and co are also captured, as obviously they aren't ones to turn their cloaks. This may just be something I made up though.
Regardless, I'm worried about Jon's later CoK stuff. I loved Qhorin's final command to Jon, it seemed to go against all of his vows, but with them at the same time. Furthermore, I absolutely adored the final chapter (or two) with the rangers trying to flee, but knowing that they were doomed. There was something strangely poignant about their numbers slowly dropping, each man staying behind to face his death, all the while Qhorin knowing they would never escape.
This could still happen. My guess is that the wildings have already captured Qhoring and the others (or will soon). They will all escape and then the wildings will give chase. It will have the same effect somewhat, but if what I said earlier is true then it may contradict some of the wilding's principles. I'm also anxious we won't get to see Jon warging into Ghost this season, as it's kind of important for Ghost to discover the wilding army. I wouldn't be surprised if it's cut though, both for budget reasons and because they haven't set up Jon being a warg yet.
One more thing, show more Ghost! I understand the budget constraints with CGI, but it's not like they're putting in dragons or anything. They're filming wolves and increasing their size. They probably wouldn't even need to outsource it, any film editor could create that effect given enough time. Regardless of that, you would think they could cut some of the other stuff out in order to flesh out one of the most important relationships in the series. The way they're going it's not going to mean anything when Jon has to leave Ghost before climbing the wall.
2204	victim	2012-05-14	In my opinion, it will unfold in one of two ways:
1) Qhorin will save Jon from the Lord of Bones in the nick of time, the small band of Night's Watch men start a march back to the Fist of the First Men, slowly leaving characters to die. Qhorin gives his command to Jon as he already knows if he's captured they'll take his head anyway - so it may as well be Jon who kills him and infiltrates the Wildlings. 
2) Qhorin and Co. are already captives of the Lord of Bones, and Jon is told to turn his cloak as the only means of survival. This wouldn't make all that much sense though, given that Ygritte already told Qhorin he wouldn't be taken captive if he was caught.
Obviously, the first option works much better, the desperate march would be so good on screen, especially if they're being followed by the eagle which we've already heard a few times in the background (was Jon being captured a coincidence? I think not). The only reason I see them taking option two is due to budget and/or time restrictions.
2205	Arkash	2012-05-14	From next week's preview: we see Qhorin and Jon in the hand of the Wildlings, that was such a relief to catch this quick image!
2206	victim	2012-05-14	I can't believe I missed that! It looks like they take Qhorin prisoner as well then. I'm pretty sure we'll get Qhorin's command still because in the description of episode 10 it says "Jon proves himself to Qhorin." I also watched an interview with Kit where he says his favourite part of the season was his fight with Qhorin.
2207	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-14	Qhorin will command him to kill him while they are prisoner to prove himself. Or they escape and are cornered and the he kills him
2208	Envie	2012-05-14	2) Qhorin and Co. are already captives of the Lord of Bones, and Jon is told to turn his cloak as the only means of survival. This wouldn't make all that much sense though, given that Ygritte already told Qhorin he wouldn't be taken captive if he was caught.This is the option I think they're going to go with as its easier to film and still keeps the stage set for Qhorin to order John to kill him as part of the plot like it was in the books.Maybe Qhorin will already be injured and they're about to kill him when Jon, newly captured, arrives on the scene. They throw them together in chains while they decide what to do with them (or maybe Mance Rayder arrives on the scene at this point) - and that's when Qhorin gives Jon his final order because he knows he's going to die anyways and sees this as the only way for Jon to survive and get info to take back to the Night's Watch. Just like in the book.
2209	Eddard Sand	2012-05-15	From next week's preview: we see Qhorin and Jon in the hand of the Wildlings, that was such a relief to catch this quick image!Yes! The show keeps me on my toes but has not failed me yet. I'm loving it like a fat kid loves cake.
2210	sarah.jenice	2012-05-16	We have three episodes left in the season so the way I see it going is the Halfhand frees Jon in Episode 8 but the all/some of the other guys are killed, Jon and the Halfhand try to flee but are slowly hunted down, someone freaking figures out Jon is a warg because they actually include Ghost in an episode and show he has the same link to his wolf as Bran, in the season finale they are finally caught again, the Halfhand says, "Is your sword sharp Jon Snow," and commands Jon to change sides, Jon kills Halfhand and joins the Wildlings with a sad look on his face, ending Jon's Season 2 story ark.
					
					
							Edited by sarah.jenice, 16 May 2012 - 08:33 AM.
2211	irishtemper	2012-05-16	The show sucks...don't get me wrong like 80-85% of the stuff and characters in the show are perfect and just how I imagined them, and then there's like 10% of stuff they added or changed that is actually good and understandable, and then the 5% of material that doesn't not really save much time or money and just makes zero fucking sense to change from the books because it would have been at least 20 times better than what they wrote.  Case in point, Jon & Ygrittes stroll through the mountains.  Not only are they changing scenes for the worse, they are changing characters.........do not even get me started on what would have happened if Cat freed the Kingslayer before word was received of Bran and Rickon's death, <insert Gob "COME ON!" here>
2212	Wouter	2012-05-16	From next week's preview: we see Qhorin and Jon in the hand of the Wildlings, that was such a relief to catch this quick image!Are we sure that man of the Watch is Qhorin? He was shown for all of a split second and I didn't quite recognise Qhorin, even frame-freezing it. Could it be one of the other rangers captured, with Jon possibly escaping afterwards (could be the scene with Jon rolling down the hill in the snow)?It could be Qhorin, but then didn't Ygritte basically say Qhorin would be killed quickly or tortured to death if they caught him? Doesn't seem like Jon would have an opportunity to fight him in ep10 then (at most he could execute him, maybe, which carries less weight than actually killing him in battle). And it would seem fairly difficult for Jon to have a confidential conversation with Qhorin under those circumstances, so how would he give the orders?And yet, in ep 10 "Jon proves himself to Qhorin" so there must be something to make it so...
2213	Tourniquet	2012-05-17	The books have a metric fuck tonne of inner dialogue...there is no way that the show can replicate that. They have to give more screen time to certain characters in order to get the proper amount of exposition but try not to make it feel rote.
I think they are doing a good job.
2214	Eddard Sand	2012-05-18	The show sucks...don't get me wrong like 80-85% of the stuff and characters in the show are perfect and just how I imagined them, and then there's like 10% of stuff they added or changed that is actually good and understandable, and then the 5% of material that doesn't not really save much time or money and just makes zero fucking sense to change from the books because it would have been at least 20 times better than what they wrote. Case in point, Jon & Ygrittes stroll through the mountains. Not only are they changing scenes for the worse, they are changing characters.........do not even get me started on what would have happened if Cat freed the Kingslayer before word was received of Bran and Rickon's death,Nope.
2215	House Balstroko	2012-05-18	Will have to see how this all plays out, but I must say Jon's capture was probably my least favorite moment of the episode. I think if he kills Qhorin will being a captive it destroys the turncloak nature from the book. This would mean that he kills Qhorin for the sake of potential survival (something like a gladiator match), rather than killing him as a free man to show his betrayal of the Night's Watch to the wildlings. The end result will probably be the same, but I think the impact is lost.
But aside from this, I don't have any other major gripes with the show.
2216	Fengari	2012-05-20	The show sucks...don't get me wrong like 80-85% of the stuff and characters in the show are perfect and just how I imagined them, and then there's like 10% of stuff they added or changed that is actually good and understandable, and then the 5% of material that doesn't not really save much time or money and just makes zero fucking sense to change from the books because it would have been at least 20 times better than what they wrote. Case in point, Jon & Ygrittes stroll through the mountains. Not only are they changing scenes for the worse, they are changing characters.........do not even get me started on what would have happened if Cat freed the Kingslayer before word was received of Bran and Rickon's death,I can't understand how you can say the show sucks if you think 85% is perfect and another 10% is good... And then you argument that with an example of how it could have been wrong, but wasn't?Will have to see how this all plays out, but I must say Jon's capture was probably my least favorite moment of the episode. I think if he kills Qhorin will being a captive it destroys the turncloak nature from the book. This would mean that he kills Qhorin for the sake of potential survival (something like a gladiator match), rather than killing him as a free man to show his betrayal of the Night's Watch to the wildlings. The end result will probably be the same, but I think the impact is lost. But aside from this, I don't have any other major gripes with the show.In the books, killing Qhorin is also for the sake of survival. Yes, the circumstances are different, but the important part is that Qhorin orders him to survive and yield, whatever it takes, so he can continue the mission. From the episode descriptions, it seems like that order will still come. Until Qhorin is killed and we see if that order was given, I will not say they ruined this part.I did enjoy Ygritte harrowing Jon, and his awkwardness in their scenes this episode.
2217	AegonTheUnlikely	2012-05-15	Just rewatched "A Man Without Honor."  Leaving aside discussion of the Theon/Winterfell (which I think is being done perfectly).  Whoever scored this season needs to win the Emmy.  The music is perfect- especially the Theon theme.  Captures the sense of the dread/tension superbly.
2218	boojam	2012-05-15	Just rewatched "A Man Without Honor."  Leaving aside discussion of the Theon/Winterfell (which I think is being done perfectly).  Whoever scored this season needs to win the Emmy.  The music is perfect- especially the Theon theme.  Captures the sense of the dread/tension superbly.If there is one thing this show has not gotten enough praise for it is Ramin Djawadiâ<U+0080><U+0099>s score.I am not sure if there is an Emmy for TV series music, but Djawadi should be given about five!
2219	Evamitchelle	2012-05-15	I find the music especially good during Theon's scenes.
2220	Mediumjon Umber	2012-05-15	Yeah, the music has been great for both seasons. Djawadi deserves all of our praise.
2221	Independent George	2012-05-15	I saw the title of this post, and thought it was going to be about Jon & Ygritte...
2222	Tourniquet	2012-05-15	The final scene's scoring was tremendous. They are doing especially well with Theon this season. I'm glad to see as his storyline seemed like one from the books that could have been completely taken out without affecting the "overall" story.
Theon's storyline is by far my favorite from the books (Jamie a close second)
2223	Slingingstones	2012-05-15	From the last Theon scene to the rolling of the credits....Phantom of the Opera!
Excellent.
2224	AegonTheUnlikely	2012-05-15	I saw the title of this post, and thought it was going to be about Jon & Ygritte...heh, I thought of that, after I posted this.  I didn't mean for the double entendre, but there you go.Yeah, the music starts light as Theon delivers his "You should have listened to me; I mean what I say" speech.  Picks up in intensity when Leuwin is brought out, and accents his horrified scream in a very visceral way.  The music just captures the feel of the scene, and the character, so well.I know there's been a good deal of criticism about this season of the show, particularly as it relates to changes made for the adaptation.  Let me just say that I'm willing to put up with a good deal of change to see story lines like Theon's brought to such life.  The quality of the music is indicative of the quality of the overall production, and reassures me that the producer's know what they're doing.Here's hoping seasons 3 and beyond, we get equally compelling music for:  
	Spoiler Jamie and Brienne ('Why did you come back?" "I dreamt of you."); Davos' trip to the North ("The North remembers, Lord Seaworth,"); Theon, post-breaking ("I wanted to be one of them."); and importantly UnCat and the Brotherhood as they hang their way through Walder Frey's get.
al
					
					
							Edited by AegonTheUnlikely, 15 May 2012 - 11:40 AM.
2225	WeirwoodTreeHugger	2012-05-15	Will we hear the Bear and Maiden Fair and the Rains of Castamere?  I hope.
2226	AegonTheUnlikely	2012-05-15	Djawdi ought to just compose a foreboding Tywin Lannister theme, and call it "The Rains of Castamere."
2227	boojam	2012-05-16	Will we hear the Bear and Maiden Fair and the Rains of Castamere?  I hope.Har!Think Djawadi could fix those?Of course main base is in Ireland there are an uncountable number of Irish musicians who could fix those.
2228	House Balstroko	2012-05-16	The score has been fantastic throughout and fits the tonality of the series. I love the score when Stannis pulls Lightbringer out of the ground. Definitely deserving of an award.
A folk rendition of the Bear and the Maiden Fair and The Rains of Castamere would be great.
2229	Ser Ilyn's Tongue	2012-05-16	I completely agree about the quality of the music.  It's been brilliant.  Season 1 was fine but season 2 has been a big improvement.  The music used over the end credits has been perfect everytime (especially this week).  And I'm still enjoying Robb's King of North theme.
2230	int11	2012-05-16	Will we hear the Bear and Maiden Fair and the Rains of Castamere?  I hope.I always read The Bear and Maiden Fair with a somewhat annoying self-made melody, so I hope they'll fix it for me.And I agree: Djawadi's score is excellent.
2231	Arkash	2012-05-16	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=t6VMSYIXCCYFor those who want an excellent version of The Bear and the Maiden Fair.
2232	House Balstroko	2012-05-16	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=t6VMSYIXCCYFor those who want an excellent version of The Bear and the Maiden Fair.I like this version. These guys also have a partial version of The Rains of Castamerehttp://www.youtube.c...&feature=relmfu
2233	TheEvilKing	2012-05-17	Theon's theme is awesome. Robb's theme is pretty epic too.
2234	TeamDanyArya	2012-05-17	I do believe there is an Emmy for music scoring so I think GOT should throw their hat into that. If you haven't picked up the CD of the music from the first season, you should totally get it. I love listening to it because you can pick up on which sounds go with which areas and how much it adds to the ambience of the scene. And it's just lovely music especially the usage of cellos in a lot of songs. I really hope they put out a soundtrack for season 2. /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
2235	unRobert	2012-05-17	It's been said before, but I will restate. The theme at the end of the episode was just soo good. And original. Awesome. Cool.
2236	Sirielle	2012-05-19	I would love to hear the Wildlings theme, sounded really intriguing, with shamanic drums. Or my imagination adds more than really is there /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> (It appears when Ygritte's company shows up.) And thank you guys for links to fannish songs interpretations! I've found more, here are:Rains of Castamere once again - I would love to hear more of his voice than music: http://youtu.be/t0xu7P-zzskand one I like best of all so far - The Dornishman's Wife: http://youtu.be/I7u4-FCpgsA
							Edited by Sirielle, 19 May 2012 - 06:23 PM.
2237	Bastard of Boston	2012-05-13	Nikolaj was right about one thing. This episode definitely gave him a chance to flex his muscles a little bit after being trapped in a cage for most of the season. The real cage, too. As much as my inner sadist appreciated Jamie's cold-blooded plot to escape, I have to admit that this muddies up this minor issue of redemption. He's been kinda working towards that for awhile...kind of a big deal.But, wait.Yes, we all know this is a huge departure from the books. But, let's examine it in other terms as well -- what does this mean for his character arc on the show? Is it possible to bounce back? I know some people have mentioned this in the big all-encompassing episode discussion topic.I gave it some thought. As out-of-character as it may initially seem, we are talking about a man who attempted to murder Bran. There isn't much, at this point, that Jamie wouldn't do in the name of self-preservation. Is killing Alton so that he could possibly escape that much out of character for Jamie? Do we forget about the Bran incident because Bran didn't die...even though he probably should have -- and Jamie intended for that to be the end result? At what point is the point where we say, "This is where Jamie endeavored to be better." Did it happen while in the cage? Obviously not, if we're using the show as a guide.Should we look at Jamie differently here? Or, when you think about it, isn't Jamie the same old Jamie?
2238	victim	2012-05-15	I think the move is shocking based primarily off of what we know happens to him as book readers. I watched the episode with friends who simply hate the guy because they know him as a villain, and while it was shocking to me it seemed right up his alley for them. So that's to say the only reason why it seems out of place is because we know what comes in the future. I've heard the argument put forth that everything Jaime does is by his own little honor code - be it killing Bran to protect his sister and pseudo-children, or killing Aerys to protect the realm - and that he does this purely for himself.
I truly believe at this point of the story that Jaime is a Man Without Honor, which is not to say he does not get some later.
A great example of what I'm talking about is when Jaime turns on Brienne the first chance he gets in ASoS. Even though he swore oaths and made promises to Catelyn in the cell, they clearly meant nothing to him, even after she frees him. He didn't care about her oaths because he's developed into a man that believes they are useless. HE tried to escape from Brienne because HE wanted to be free - he fought her for himself, very much the same way he fought 'Alton' for himself.
There are two things that change his path: Brienne's influence and the loss of his sword hand; the latter of which was perfectly set up for in this episode when he says "I'm useless at everything else." Neither of these things have happened yet, so Jaime is still the dip-shit that pushed Bran out a window and stabbed Jory in the eye. We aren't meant to like him at this stage, but most of us do, because we know what he becomes.
2239	Currawong	2012-05-15	My problem with the change as I said on the main episode discussion thread, is that Jaime is still a Lannister, and still has his notion of Lannister family honour.  HIs idea of that honour is not the same as Tywin's, as we see later on, but it is still therre.   And killing Alton is inconsistent with Series 1 and the fight with Ned (a TV extra scene).  The Jaime who refuses to finish off Ned once one of the Lannister guards wounds Ned is not going to murder a cousin in cold blood, no matter how desperate.
I can see how "kill your very distant relative in desperation" makes sense if we are only looking at a dramatic point for Series 2 and that episode, but IMHO it affects his subsequent character arc and especially the relationship with Brienne.  Brienne might forgive the killing of Aerys once she hears his side of it, and she might understand (though not approve) shoving Bran out the window out of love for Cersei, but the Brienne we see in the books would never allow herself to feel any sympathy at all for a man who killed his young cousin in cold blood. Changing Jaime like that means also making a subtle but important change to the highly honourable Brienne.
ETA: It also doesn't make sense in terms of his general reputation.  He hates being blamed as "Kingslayer" for killing Aerys, which he sees was an honourable act, but once word gets out that he murdered his cousin in an escape attempt, no one will want to have anything to do with him, especially his own Lannister relatives and their men.   When we get to AFFC, we see Jaime leading his troops very effectively in the Riverlands, and they obviously respect him and his leadership.   But once word gets around from the Stark army - and it will - that Jaime murdered his cousin, he will be a pariah even amongst Lannisters.  Tywin might approve, but that would be all. 
I think the scene would have been much better written by using Alton as a decoy to play dead, even if Jaime had said he had to hit him over the head to produce realistic blood.  Same effect, and it would have allowed Alton to escape with Jaime and Brienne (same as Cleos Frey).  Alton could be killed in some incident along the way, same as Cleos was.  If they didn't want to have Alton go with them, he could have remained and been executed by Karstark in revenge.  Same result - dead Alton and escaped Jaime, but Alton would have been seen to have acted honourably in assisting Jaime, and Jaime's own honour would be intact.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 15 May 2012 - 04:28 AM.
2240	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	someone mentioned Tywin upthread and it got me thinking about the talk between Jamie and he last season while Tywin  was skinning that deer.
Tywin was all about family and legacy.
I wonder what Tywin would say about killing one's distant cousin?
2241	Bambi	2012-05-15	Tywin would personally flay 100 of his own men if he would have the chance to get back his "only worthy" son.
					
					
							Edited by Iszlai AdA!m, 15 May 2012 - 06:26 AM.
2242	Tourniquet	2012-05-15	From the point of a nonreader (my g/f and a few friends) of the books this was not out of character for him. They know that he is a brutally honest and malicious villain at this point. His dialogue about vows was however instrumental in his upcoming redemption and his interaction with Brienne next season will seal the deal I'm sure.
He needs to be really bad as he only gets a few scenes, he will only get a few next season and they will have to make it go much faster, it is the nature of the beast (television). They don't have the time/resources to do his arc pure justice.
2243	greywindsrage	2012-05-18	My problem with the change as I said on the main episode discussion thread, is that Jaime is still a Lannister, and still has his notion of Lannister family honour. HIs idea of that honour is not the same as Tywin's, as we see later on, but it is still therre. And killing Alton is inconsistent with Series 1 and the fight with Ned (a TV extra scene). The Jaime who refuses to finish off Ned once one of the Lannister guards wounds Ned is not going to murder a cousin in cold blood, no matter how desperate. I can see how "kill your very distant relative in desperation" makes sense if we are only looking at a dramatic point for Series 2 and that episode, but IMHO it affects his subsequent character arc and especially the relationship with Brienne. Brienne might forgive the killing of Aerys once she hears his side of it, and she might understand (though not approve) shoving Bran out the window out of love for Cersei, but the Brienne we see in the books would never allow herself to feel any sympathy at all for a man who killed his young cousin in cold blood. Changing Jaime like that means also making a subtle but important change to the highly honourable Brienne. ETA: It also doesn't make sense in terms of his general reputation. He hates being blamed as "Kingslayer" for killing Aerys, which he sees was an honourable act, but once word gets out that he murdered his cousin in an escape attempt, no one will want to have anything to do with him, especially his own Lannister relatives and their men. When we get to AFFC, we see Jaime leading his troops very effectively in the Riverlands, and they obviously respect him and his leadership. But once word gets around from the Stark army - and it will - that Jaime murdered his cousin, he will be a pariah even amongst Lannisters. Tywin might approve, but that would be all. I think the scene would have been much better written by using Alton as a decoy to play dead, even if Jaime had said he had to hit him over the head to produce realistic blood. Same effect, and it would have allowed Alton to escape with Jaime and Brienne (same as Cleos Frey). Alton could be killed in some incident along the way, same as Cleos was. If they didn't want to have Alton go with them, he could have remained and been executed by Karstark in revenge. Same result - dead Alton and escaped Jaime, but Alton would have been seen to have acted honourably in assisting Jaime, and Jaime's own honour would be intact.The difference between Ned and Alton is that Jaime wanted to see how good a swordsman Ned really was. If you rewatch the 1st episode you will see their short interaction at Winterfell. With Alton it was simply a desperate attempt to escape. Two different people, two different situations. Plus Tywin wouldn't care as long as people fear House Lannister. Remember his speech to Jaime in the 1st season?
					
					
							Edited by greywindsrage, 18 May 2012 - 10:24 PM.
2244	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-19	The one thing the Bran incident had going for it is the fact that, in hindsight, Bran didn't die, and Jaime chose not to finish the job. Furthermore, Bran's gone on to become a prodigious warg capable of taking over animals/people's bodies. It's hardly an excuse, but it gives the illusion of being a less insurmountable sin.On the other hand, I don't think Alton can bounce back from being unceremoniously bludgeoned to death by a rock. That's one fucking huge specter over TV!Jaime's head now.
2245	Stanmore	2012-05-19	The thing that really bothers me about this death is how pointless it was. I get the fact that  Jaime isn't far down the road to redemption at this point, and I can see him becoming a kinslayer if the situation were desperate enough, but what I can't get over is that there's absolutely no reason Alton needs to die.
His death doesn't add anything to the escape attempt, He's not killing him for love or duty or honour. He's not killing out of anger or greed or jealousy. As far as I can see the only reason Jaime killed Alton was to provide a shock for the television viewers. There's no motive behind it and that really weakens Jaime as a character.
2246	It is known.	2012-05-15	When Karstark shouts that Jaime killed his son, Cat replies with "And crippled mine!"
In the books, does she know that Jaime pushed Bran?  Also if she somehow knows that Jaime crippled Bran why would she free him, and how did she find out?
Or perhaps I misheard the line and she said something else, feel free to put me right if i'm just confusing myself /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2247	Fragile Bird	2012-05-16	Cat and Jaime have already had their conversation about Bran in an earlier episode, when Jaime is first captured.  She asked him if he knew what happened, and he told her what he did.  HBO has split the Cat/Jaime conversation that occurred in the dungeon of Riverrun, where Jaime was imprisoned after the failed rescue attempt organized by Tyrion, into several parts, all occuring in the pen where he is chained to the pole, both before his escape attempt and after his escape attempt.
2248	MarouMartell	2012-05-17	First comment!
I don't know if Cat knows in the books that Jaime pushed Bran out of that window, I am just going to answer about the other part of the question, abordindg the subject of " why would she free him " . Simple answer : She still thinks Arya and Sansa are held by Cerser in King's Landing. Bran is crippled but alive in Winterfell ( what she thinks ). So she'd rather have her daughter's back, than avenge her son and force Cersei to kill Sansa ( and supposedly Arya )
2249	Currawong	2012-05-17	Cat and Jaime have already had their conversation about Bran in an earlier episode, when Jaime is first captured.  She asked him if he knew what happened, and he told her what he did.  HBO has split the Cat/Jaime conversation that occurred in the dungeon of Riverrun, where Jaime was imprisoned after the failed rescue attempt organized by Tyrion, into several parts, all occuring in the pen where he is chained to the pole, both before his escape attempt and after his escape attempt.Yes to this.  In the book, Jaime was being held the entire time at Riverrun, first in a secure tower cell (reserved for prisoners of rank likely to be exchanged or ransomed) and then in the dungeon after his failed escape attempt.  The entire long Cat / Jaime scene occurs in the dungeons towards the end of ACOK, where the two engage in verbal sparring and then an "I'll answer your questions if you answer mine" procedure.We've actually had this scene spread over three parts of the series, with additional dialogue of course.  There was the scene in Series 1 where Jaime is first captured and he admits to pushing Bran out the window, saying he'd hoped to kill him, not just cripple him (can't remember whether it was episode 9 or 10).  Then we got the brief scene in Series 2, Episode 1, which basically served to remind us all that Jaime exists /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />  and that he is being held prisoner.  Now we have the rest of the conversation, and - just as per the book - it ends with Cat calling for Brienne's sword.
2250	SerMixalot	2012-05-17	As screwed up as the Jamie arc is in the tv show, I think I buy Cat releasing Jamie at this point, once it was pointed out to me that LF told Cat that Tryion would release the girls for Jamie (still have to verify this and how accurate it is)
One thing I picked up rereading the book is that Cleo seemed to have given the impression that it was jamie for the girls quid pro quo.
From what I read of Tyrion's dialogue earlier in ACOK, he said release Jamie and we will consider releasing the girls.
Assuming that is intentional, it reduces Cat's chances to get her girls back and makes her decision more tragic
2251	Fragile Bird	2012-05-17	First comment!I don't know if Cat knows in the books that Jaime pushed Bran out of that window, I am just going to answer about the other part of the question, abordindg the subject of " why would she free him " . Simple answer : She still thinks Arya and Sansa are held by Cerser in King's Landing. Bran is crippled but alive in Winterfell ( what she thinks ). So she'd rather have her daughter's back, than avenge her son and force Cersei to kill Sansa ( and supposedly Arya )Hey MarouMartell, first post, Welsome to Westeros!  Have fun posting, and always keep your sense of humour!
					
					
							Edited by Fragile Bird, 17 May 2012 - 06:58 AM.
2252	King Rickon	2012-05-17	I think they've done a lot in the show to justify Cat freeing Jamie - far more than in the book.  In the book I thought she was a complete idiot who screwed everything up for everyone.  In the show, you understand her more.  She's had Littlefinger tell her that a deal can be made, jamie for the girls.  Then, knowing that Jamie was her only tradeable item for her girls, she realized that the angry mob of Robb's soldiers would kill jamie before morning.  What else could she do?  To her mind, Sansa and Arya's life depends entirely on Jamie's survival.  It's pretty cut and dry.
2253	Tourniquet	2012-05-17	She hasn't released him in the show yet...
2254	Sand	2012-05-17	I think Cat is going to be the one to take his hand in the show.
2255	gogorath	2012-05-17	She hasn't released him in the show yet...Well, it's basically happening right now.  The ending of that scene -- Brienne, your sword -- is very similar to the scene in the book, if I remember.  Either way, she releasing him.  I also don't think she's taking the place of Vargo Hoat.  Someone else might, but just for tv purposes, I think that's something we're actually going to to witness.  I would never pass up showing that scene.
2256	Tourniquet	2012-05-17	Well, it's basically happening right now. The ending of that scene -- Brienne, your sword -- is very similar to the scene in the book, if I remember. Either way, she releasing him. I also don't think she's taking the place of Vargo Hoat. Someone else might, but just for tv purposes, I think that's something we're actually going to to witness. I would never pass up showing that scene.I'm just saying there there is a chance that she doesn't do it...I was hoping that she would hear of Bran and Rickon's death before she sets him free as I think that is a major motivating factor for her.She can't cut off his hand because his fight with Brienne is important to establish them as adversaries/best friends!
2257	It is known.	2012-05-17	I'm just saying there there is a chance that she doesn't do it...I was hoping that she would hear of Bran and Rickon's death before she sets him free as I think that is a major motivating factor for her. She can't cut off his hand because his fight with Brienne is important to establish them as adversaries/best friends!Plus i'd hope that Cat would be smart enough to realise that Sansa and Arya would then be sent back missing a hand too.
2258	Tourniquet	2012-05-17	Plus i'd hope that Cat would be smart enough to realise that Sansa and Arya would then be sent back missing a hand too.This. In the books Jaime makes it a point to note that Cat or Brienne (by way of Cat) did not take his hand.
2259	BeanCounter	2012-05-17	Sorry to say, but it seems to me like most of this is off-topic.  It's mostly irrelevant where Jaime was imprisoned or what Cat's reasons are for releasing him.  The question is, in the book version does she have any idea that Bran was pushed instead of simply falling?
I'm no expert myself - but I have been rereading these things for years now - and I reacted the same way as the OP.  Yes, in the show Jaime has fessed up to her.  But in the books' world I'm pretty sure that Jaime and Cersei are the only ones who know about that misdeed.  ...although it's not as if the Starks and Lannisters have much room for their mutual hadred to grow any larger if the news were to come out.
2260	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-17	He confessed to her when they first caught him. SHe freed him because she had just heard about what happened to her sons and wanted to get her daughters back no matter what the cost
2261	It is known.	2012-05-17	Thanks everyone for answering my question, I missed the first two episodes of season 2 and they've not shown repeats yet so I never saw the bit with Jaime /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  I'll need to rewatch the ep in season 1 when they capture him, must have missed his confession /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2262	Currawong	2012-05-17	Sorry to say, but it seems to me like most of this is off-topic.  It's mostly irrelevant where Jaime was imprisoned or what Cat's reasons are for releasing him.  The question is, in the book version does she have any idea that Bran was pushed instead of simply falling?I'm no expert myself - but I have been rereading these things for years now - and I reacted the same way as the OP.  Yes, in the show Jaime has fessed up to her.  But in the books' world I'm pretty sure that Jaime and Cersei are the only ones who know about that misdeed.  ...although it's not as if the Starks and Lannisters have much room for their mutual hadred to grow any larger if the news were to come out.BC, it is "relevant" because we were trying to answer a question in detail, by explaining that in both the book and the TV series, Cat does know that Jaime pushed Bran out the window.   However, the timing of that explanation has been altered between Book and Show because the writers have split the big Cat / Jaime scene which occurs at the end of ACOK across two seasons, part at the end of Season 1, and the rest of it in this episode.  And the change of location is relevant too, because they have omitted Riverrun entirely and had Jaime being hauled around in chains with the army - that chainge has necessitated other changes in scenes.I am very sorry if we bored you by answering a question with more than just a Yes/No, with the discussion explaining things further by showing the changes between book and TV screen.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 17 May 2012 - 06:15 PM.
2263	Fragile Bird	2012-05-17	I think Cat is going to be the one to take his hand in the show.Lol, a second first poster!  Welcome to Westeros, Sand!ETA:  But no, I doubt Cat will cut off his hand.  Like the others mentioned above, she has daughters with the Lannisters, doing that would be foolish.  And it would show she has no honour, and she wouldn't want to be like Jaime, would she?
					
					
							Edited by Fragile Bird, 17 May 2012 - 05:52 PM.
2264	BeanCounter	2012-05-17	You're right, I went home and found it.  Jaime admits it very matter-of-factly just a few pages after his famous "There are no men like me.  There's only me."
Thanks for being patient with me.
2265	zippypoodle	2012-05-18	One thing I picked up rereading the book is that Cleo seemed to have given the impression that it was jamie for the girls quid pro quo.Cleo? Does Cat have access to the psychic friends network?
2266	Linus Chan	2012-05-15	Daenerys and Jon on the show seem to show such little power, or even straight up intellect that their status as the centers of the Song of Ice and Fire becomes difficult to muster.I don't think it is their fault, but the writers of the show are not doing them any favors.Daenerys, the Quarth coup and the theft of her dragons all cast her in a much more powerless and naive light. In the books she is not such a pawn and led so quickly by Xaro.And Jon.. well Jon comes off as such a child.  Perhaps i don't remember it correctly, but why in the world would Ygritte even fall for him at all at this point? He hasn't bested her in combat and essentially just blushes at her talk of sex.I can see how Jon can be redeemed (with the half-hand duel), but right now Daenerys is almost unwatchable. (and i don't blame the actress).
2267	Mulled Wino	2012-05-16	Daenerys and Jon on the show seem to show such little power, or even straight up intellect that their status as the centers of the Song of Ice and Fire becomes difficult to muster.I don't think it is their fault, but the writers of the show are not doing them any favors.Daenerys, the Quarth coup and the theft of her dragons all cast her in a much more powerless and naive light. In the books she is not such a pawn and led so quickly by Xaro.And Jon.. well Jon comes off as such a child.  Perhaps i don't remember it correctly, but why in the world would Ygritte even fall for him at all at this point? He hasn't bested her in combat and essentially just blushes at her talk of sex.I can see how Jon can be redeemed (with the half-hand duel), but right now Daenerys is almost unwatchable. (and i don't blame the actress). agree with jon and dany is terrible on both.  they are murking jon and making him look like a clown.  i don't see why they couldn't have had the halfhard at least request jon. dany stumbles her way all over essos in the books, tv show seems right in line.
2268	ipsuel	2012-05-16	agree with jon and dany is terrible on both.  they are murking jon and making him look like a clown.  i don't see why they couldn't have had the halfhard at least request jon.dany stumbles her way all over essos in the books, tv show seems right in line.I think Qhorin WILL have jon kill him in order to join the wildlings... it'll happen in Ep. 10. Granted, the storyline is set up a bit differently--but the outcomes (I think?) will be the same--> Jon killing Qhorin to gain the Wildling's trust/acceptance.
2269	RL Terrill	2012-05-16	I think that the writers want them to appear powerless, they are both so very young and faced with situations that their lives up to that point have left them unprepared for. Learning how to over come that feeling of powerlessness is an act of maturity. I believe that the writers intent is to be enable the view the ability to witness their gaining in maturity and emotional stability.
Jon's wandering around lost in the north, with a prisoner who is testing him in every way possible,  is suppose to  make him appear lost and confused to us, and he is! Lost, and alone for the first time in his life, faced with his first full assault of a woman's sexuality has to be a source of great confusion, fear and desire. What would you or I do in the face of such a powerful weapon, in those circumstances? He cannot hide the truth from Ygritte and she is intelligent enough to use the only thing at her disposal in order to keep him off guard and vulnerable. Jon Snow is a boy trying to grow into the choice he has made. Why should he not make mistakes, many of them, both big and small? He has a long way to go in this story and where would the interest be if he was perfect and acted the part of a mature beyond his years kind of hero. I think Jon Snow is an interesting character and watching him negotiate his path in life is a great story. 
Martin's characters in the book series are all very flawed and very human, that being real strength of the story, IMO. As a writer he has an advantage in storytelling in that the reader adds their own imagination to the words creating a second  level of perception denied to a watcher of film.  If the writers of the HBO series put all those stark flaws and humanness on the screen for the world to see it is in order to show us who the character is, but because the viewer only has eyes with which to visualize the story and our imaginations are left out of our understanding of the story, the characters may appear less than they truly are.
One other thing, as viewers of episodic TV we have been trained to impatience and heavy handedness, making us desire characters with little dimension. Martin's characters are far from that and the writers of the series are doing an admirable job in putting a complicated and detailed story on film.
2270	dreamcatcher	2012-05-16	Agree.I hope that it's because they want to show their progression through the books.However, I think that Dany is more faithful to the books.
					
					
							Edited by dreamcatcher, 16 May 2012 - 04:33 PM.
2271	David Selig	2012-05-16	They aren't the centers of ASOIF anyway, in fact their arcs are clearly the weakest among the major ones in the books.
2272	m_k	2012-05-17	I think Qhorin WILL have jon kill him in order to join the wildlings... it'll happen in Ep. 10. Granted, the storyline is set up a bit differently--but the outcomes (I think?) will be the same--> Jon killing Qhorin to gain the Wildling's trust/acceptance.I won't be happy if they neglect the character qhorin. Because he is the best ranger of night watch, and a lot of jon's future decision were effected by qhorin's advice. It will be insult to him if the show shows that the wildling capture qhorin and through jon and qhorin in a pit to fight to death. In the book qhorin was a perfect leader. He had definite plane of action and had clear reason why he left jon to kill the girl. But in the show qhorin just look like dumb, to let jon alone with the wildling girl. I hope show will do justice to this character.
2273	SerMixalot	2012-05-17	I think that the writers want them to appear powerless, they are both so very young and faced with situations that their lives up to that point have left them unprepared for. Learning how to over come that feeling of powerlessness is an act of maturity. I believe that the writers intent is to be enable the view the ability to witness their gaining in maturity and emotional stability. Jon's wandering around lost in the north, with a prisoner who is testing him in every way possible, is suppose to make him appear lost and confused to us, and he is! Lost, and alone for the first time in his life, faced with his first full assault of a woman's sexuality has to be a source of great confusion, fear and desire. What would you or I do in the face of such a powerful weapon, in those circumstances? He cannot hide the truth from Ygritte and she is intelligent enough to use the only thing at her disposal in order to keep him off guard and vulnerable. Jon Snow is a boy trying to grow into the choice he has made. Why should he not make mistakes, many of them, both big and small? He has a long way to go in this story and where would the interest be if he was perfect and acted the part of a mature beyond his years kind of hero. I think Jon Snow is an interesting character and watching him negotiate his path in life is a great story. Martin's characters in the book series are all very flawed and very human, that being real strength of the story, IMO. As a writer he has an advantage in storytelling in that the reader adds their own imagination to the words creating a second level of perception denied to a watcher of film. If the writers of the HBO series put all those stark flaws and humanness on the screen for the world to see it is in order to show us who the character is, but because the viewer only has eyes with which to visualize the story and our imaginations are left out of our understanding of the story, the characters may appear less than they truly are. One other thing, as viewers of episodic TV we have been trained to impatience and heavy handedness, making us desire characters with little dimension. Martin's characters are far from that and the writers of the series are doing an admirable job in putting a complicated and detailed story on film.I hear what you are saying and there is a lot of merit to it.  My problem is that Jon is not quite that weak in the books.  he is coming across as a child, not a young man.  In the book, jon has started his growth as evident by his changing to help his fellow trainees instead of looking down on them, his acceptance as Mormonts steward.  TV Jon is constantly being berated by Mormont, has a conflict with Craster, which shows not just immaturity but a poor sense of judgement.  TV jon would have been redeemed if he said SOMETHING to Y instead of taking her abuse.  I think him telling her he didnt want to father a bastard would have gone a long way to explaining his discomfort, his mixed feelings, shown him with some strength and made him less of a weakling, cause clearly that was an important factor to him at this point in his life.
2274	gogorath	2012-05-17	Someone mentioned it above, but I think one of the non-book threads I've read said it best.  Some of the people were wondering when certain things were going to happen -- like the Dragons growing up, etc., and one poster said though they'd never read the books, they knew there were five and probably going to be seven or eight -- and so maybe the expectations of pace that are inherent in a show without a roadmap, without a real danger of cancellation now... those aren't accurate.
It was an astute comment.
2275	Tourniquet	2012-05-17	Ygritte doesn't desire Jon Snow, she wants to sleep with him so she can escape...
2276	notakneeler	2012-05-17	Dany does NOT stumble her way all over Essos in the book.  She CONQUERS her way all over Essos.
Her low point is in the Red Waste and she rises from there in the book by virtue of her own character and smarts with an assist from Jorah who helps her NOT become a pawn of Illyrio.
 The TV Qarth storyline is not just about making things more dynamic, something that I can appreciate as a show watcher, but also a statement of the writers' disliike of Dany as written.
2277	Ruka	2012-05-17	Ygritte doesn't desire Jon Snow, she wants to sleep with him so she can escape...Do you mean in the show? Because it is stated by tormund that Jon is just an oblivious diptsht if he can't see that Ygritte wants to bed him.  I think in the show she also desires him for a couple reasons, bedding him breaks his oath, and brings him closer to joining the freefolk. I am not so sure she wants to "escape" him as much as she wants to turn him.
2278	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2012-05-17	Its quite shocking how horrible Daenerys is being portrayed this season and how low shes fallen from the first season....
Just a whining brat
2279	Ser Giant	2012-05-17	She's a whining brat throughout the books as well, she is being portayed perfectly in the show.
2280	Serr Parker	2012-05-17	I can see Jon being a prisoner with Halfhand and that's when the whole "you'll have to prove yourself" Conversation will go, I can see it being an execution instead of a fight though, agreed on most of the other stuff, getting his sword took off him at Craster's keep and generally getting told how terrible a steward he is makes him look like a child.
Danny I'm quite happy with, she's just a beggar queen whos finally got put in her place, hopefully next season is when she starts to mature with conquering and such
2281	TeamDanyArya	2012-05-17	I think that the writers want them to appear powerless, they are both so very young and faced with situations that their lives up to that point have left them unprepared for. Learning how to over come that feeling of powerlessness is an act of maturity. I believe that the writers intent is to be enable the view the ability to witness their gaining in maturity and emotional stability. Jon's wandering around lost in the north, with a prisoner who is testing him in every way possible, is suppose to make him appear lost and confused to us, and he is! Lost, and alone for the first time in his life, faced with his first full assault of a woman's sexuality has to be a source of great confusion, fear and desire. What would you or I do in the face of such a powerful weapon, in those circumstances? He cannot hide the truth from Ygritte and she is intelligent enough to use the only thing at her disposal in order to keep him off guard and vulnerable. Jon Snow is a boy trying to grow into the choice he has made. Why should he not make mistakes, many of them, both big and small? He has a long way to go in this story and where would the interest be if he was perfect and acted the part of a mature beyond his years kind of hero. I think Jon Snow is an interesting character and watching him negotiate his path in life is a great story. Martin's characters in the book series are all very flawed and very human, that being real strength of the story, IMO. As a writer he has an advantage in storytelling in that the reader adds their own imagination to the words creating a second level of perception denied to a watcher of film. If the writers of the HBO series put all those stark flaws and humanness on the screen for the world to see it is in order to show us who the character is, but because the viewer only has eyes with which to visualize the story and our imaginations are left out of our understanding of the story, the characters may appear less than they truly are. One other thing, as viewers of episodic TV we have been trained to impatience and heavy handedness, making us desire characters with little dimension. Martin's characters are far from that and the writers of the series are doing an admirable job in putting a complicated and detailed story on film.Well said! This has been something that's been driving me batty this season as I see thread after thread of book-readers bitching about various characters. When you've read all the books up to this point, you know the whole story whereas the show hasn't gotten there yet. I sometimes think it comes down to selective memory and hindsight is 20/20. You have to show characters at their low points before you can get to the high points. This applies to all the major characters in the series. Some peak early and fall from grace to hopefully rise up from the ashes. Others start low and slowly rise up while others skyrocket.That is one of the biggest things that I appreciate about the books and the show; everyone is a flawed human and we don't evolve over night. For some, it is a long, slow and painful process of failing before truly getting it. Unfortunately, I think our culture doesn't believe in patience and flawed beings because we are way too quick to point out every flaw and defect in everything as if we could possibly do any better.
2282	Eddard Sand	2012-05-18	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Especially in Dany's case she grew a whole lot from her experience with Mirri Maz Durr but is still quite a child. She is easily tricked again into entering the House of the Undying where she is nearly killed. Once she emerges however she gets on a hot streak and becomes the conqueror I so loved to read about. The second coming of Aegon the Conqueror. She hits a crescendo after sacking Meeren and is well on another downward swing as she learns that she can't save everyone, and can't have everyone lover her.  Everyone has their ups and downs and right now shes down.
2283	victim	2012-05-14	How does everyone else think it will unfold?
I'll start by saying that Jon is by far my favourite character - in both book and show - and that the capture surprised me quite a bit. That's not to say I disliked it, it's a great way of getting to know more Wildling characters earlier in the story. Though I'm curious to see how if it unfolds in a satisfying way, or if it shreds my favourite part of ACoK to pieces. I don't think it's going to be as simple as the Wildling band coming across Qhorin's group and Jon turning his cloak as a means of survival. There'll be more to it than that, I'm sure of it, as there are still 3 hours to go. I warn you now, the rest of this post will be speculative crap. 
I can feel one of two situations arising.
The first would be that Qhorin attacks the Wildling band to free Jon, they run away and are followed by a pretty curious eagle, which if you listen carefully we've already heard a few times (I like to think Orell was the reason Jon was captured by Ygritte in the first place). This works well as you still get them trudging through the Snow, leaving member after member to die in an attempt to delay the Wildlings - in other words, please don't cut out Squire Dalbridge's sacrifice, it's so sad and brings a whole new meaning to the Watch. It'll give Qhorin a chance to give Jon his orders and the show can unfold from here exactly as the books do. Ideally, this way is the way I am hoping it is done. 
The other situation is the Wildlings capture Qhorin and his men as well as Jon or they are already captives (really, where did they go?). Once imprisoned, Qhorin can give Jon his orders on turning his cloak knowing that he'll die either way. It doesn't have the same effect as the first option but perhaps due to budget or time restrictions it may be for the best. They spent too long building up Qhorin as a character to have him only appear in 3 scenes, so I'm positive he'll play some big part in Jon's story towards the end.
If Qhorin doesn't give the order at all, I may throw a brick through my television. I was already terrified Jon was going to sleep with Ygritte too early because 'A Man Without Honor' had a moment, though that all unwrapped nicely. 
Even though it doesn't have much to do with Jon, I love the idea that the Fist of the First Men battle with the Others will begin at the end of this Season, the three horns blasting would be such a great cliffhanger.
2284	turdle	2012-05-17	i'm guessing sam is going to find the dragon glass since it's too late for jon to find it. but i'm hoping we get to see sam use it before the end of the season.
2285	Menos Grande	2012-05-17	Sam and Guly must escape Craster's house... they'll need to come back to there first.. Craster shaw  die the others apear in the end.. Sam coming back to the wall Halfhand and Jon battling and dieing the wildlings acepting him... I think all the rest of Jon's story will be hold back to the other season.. with less kings about they should give him more air time I guess.
2286	Thunderfist	2012-05-14	So, Quaithe is giving a man some sort of protective and magic tatoo because heÂ´s going to sail near/to Valyria. Could this man be Euron Greyjoy?
(I posted a similar topic earlier but that was about 10 hours ago and is hasnÂ´t appeared yet, if this will be a double post, please disregard it)
2287	Eddard Sand	2012-05-14	Interesting idea but if my geography serves me right it would make sense for Euron to have gotten his protective tats farther west as he would have had to pass through/around the doom to get to Qarth. Then again maybe he will be circling back to explore the doom.
2288	All-for-Joffrey	2012-05-14	Interesting idea but if my geography serves me right it would make sense for Euron to have gotten his protective tats farther west as he would have had to pass through/around the doom to get to Qarth. Then again maybe he will be circling back to explore the doom.A popular theory about the books is that Euron has sailed west from Westeros to the Asshai/Qarth area (and sailed back east to Westeros), so this theory would actually make sense.
2289	Envie	2012-05-14	An interesting idea, but if Euron was in Qarth at the same time as Daenerys, wouldn't he hear all about the "Mother of Dragons" Targaryen and pursue her doggedly? From the books, he does not know she exists yet to my knowledge.
2290	Anvilbreaker	2012-05-14	I don't think it falls in with the timeline. Euron should already be inbound to kill balon
2291	StarkWard	2012-05-14	An interesting idea, but if Euron was in Qarth at the same time as Daenerys, wouldn't he hear all about the "Mother of Dragons" Targaryen and pursue her doggedly? From the books, he does not know she exists yet to my knowledge.Maybe it was his priority to get back to Westeros because the war was clearly coming to a climax. Euron had to secure the seastone chair first before finding brides, thus sending out his brother.
2292	Morrigan	2012-05-14	I think he was no one and it was just randomness to give Quaithe something to do while Jorah found her.
2293	Tourniquet	2012-05-17	If that was Euron it would have had to have come from GRRM, there is no way the D&D would have made this decision...right? Euron sailing west from Westeros to go all the way around the world...
2294	Thunderfist	2012-05-14	So, HBO has managed to completely change another main character. What I always found really interesting about Jaime was that his two great "horrible" acts could be somewhat justified. He killed Aerys to prevent the Mad King from burning Kings Landing and killing hundreds of thousands of innocent civilians. He threw Bran Stark from that window to save himself, Cersei, Joffrey, Tommen, Myrcella and possibly even Tyrion. But now, to turn him into a sociopath who kills his own cousin for no apparent reason, itÂ´s not like he had an actual chance of escaping considering he was chained hand and foot and had the entire northern army around him. Oh well, there goes Jaimes entire redemption arc down the drain. And whatever happened to the massive taboos against kinslaying?
2295	teemo	2012-05-15	It was dumb.  Not only could have Alton just played dead, but like you said - where is Jaime supposed to go?  Even though we didn't see it, it sounds like a better attempt in the books.
2296	Arrogant Bastard	2012-05-15	How do you justify Jaime having Ned's men killed in AGOT? You say he threw Bran from the window to save himself and his family, well he killed Alton to save himself and escape. In the books Jaime didn't give one crap when Cleos died, so I don't think it's that far fetched that he would kill a distant cousin if it meant a chance at saving himself.
2297	frametown	2012-05-15	Jaime is one of the most evil characters in the books.  People are easy to forgive and forget when it comes to this story.  
I thought it was a great scene.
2298	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2012-05-15	I agree Jaime is a monster but that was due more to his thoughts coupled with the few monstrous acts he actually did perform.
Like in A Feast for Crows he revisits the whole "Joffrey is attacked by Nymeria" incident that occurred with Arya and Sansa. And he recalls how furious Cersei was and how she wanted "blood for blood". Then Jaime reveals that if he had come upon Arya FIRST he probably would have hurt her even though she was just a child....
So to me Jaime has always been a dark and twisty character but it was mostly in his mind and his psyche. The show has ruined him by doing this and it was totally unwarranted.  I was actually very disturbed during the entire scene because I knew the moment the boy opened his mouth and started conversing with Jaime that he was a dead man.
2299	Sxxman	2012-05-15	No they are not abandoning Jaime's redemption arc, that is just ridiculous.  My question is does anyone else on the show KNOW he killed Alton or did they assume Karstark's son did it?  Also I don't think the show has defined kinslaying as a massive taboo so it should have to much of an affect on his redemption arc.  But we shall wait and see how his arc is handled.
2300	wolverine	2012-05-15	Dude...Jaime starts out as an unconscientious bastard in the books.  I can vividly remember how much I hated him.  You remember how Cersei thought they could have maybe frightened Bran or lied to him?  Jaime just shoves him out a window.  So even evil queen Cersei did not agree with that act.
Jaime cares almost nothing for anyone other than himself.
It doesn't make a whole lot of sense that he just killed his cousin though.  Like someone said above they could have faked that and both attacked the guard or something.  But as far as showing his morality, it is right in line with the books IMO.  In the first few books there are very few people who Jaime would not kill, maime, torture, insult, etc. if it was to his advantage or just pleased him.
2301	teemo	2012-05-15	Everyone can debate Jaime's morality, but it's not even about that.  It didn't make any logical sense!  I think more of the complaint should be that Jaime wouldn't have been that stupid. He gains nothing from killing Alton when he could play dead, and Jaime has no where to go.  He's obviously going to be captured almost immediately.  Not even Jaime can fight through as many men as there were there, and he knows that.
2302	EgoistMusketeer	2012-05-15	2 Handed Jaime was exactly that stupid.  He was arrogant and probably honestly believed that he could sneak away from the northern camp. Jaime was never shown to be a strategist, just an idiot that was good with a sword.
2303	Evamitchelle	2012-05-15	Everyone can debate Jaime's morality, but it's not even about that.  It didn't make any logical sense!  I think more of the complaint should be that Jaime wouldn't have been that stupid. He gains nothing from killing Alton when he could play dead, and Jaime has no where to go.  He's obviously going to be captured almost immediately.  Not even Jaime can fight through as many men as there were there, and he knows that.This is my main problem with the scene. It's just terribly contrived. First you have to believe that there was only one guard looking after them, that they put a Lord's heir on guard duty like a common soldier, that he quickly overheard them talking yet Jaime had time to bash Alton's head in and pretend to be asleep before the guard came back and that the guard just happened to have the key to both the cell and the manacles.Then you have to believe Jaime managed to sneak out of a enemy camp with 15,000+ enemy soldiers without drawing attention to himself. It just doesn't make much sense.
2304	wolverine	2012-05-16	This is my main problem with the scene. It's just terribly contrived. First you have to believe that there was only one guard looking after them, that they put a Lord's heir on guard duty like a common soldier, that he quickly overheard them talking yet Jaime had time to bash Alton's head in and pretend to be asleep before the guard came back and that the guard just happened to have the key to both the cell and the manacles.Then you have to believe Jaime managed to sneak out of a enemy camp with 15,000+ enemy soldiers without drawing attention to himself. It just doesn't make much sense.I was thinking for a while that Jaime is totally going to hurt poor Alton/Cleo whatever his name is.  Then when he called him closer I knew poor random Lannister was a gonner but I had no idea why.  Then I was like...you killed him to get your LONE guard to come in your cell?  How stupid is the Stark army about keeping their most valuable prisoner?  Why would they really care if Jaime wants to kill his cousin?ETA:  You are right about how contrived it is also. All their cells are full so they put one guy most likely to be friendly with Jaime in his cell.  This same guy would also probably have the most information about happenings in Kings Landing.  Why would they want Jaime to interact with him at all?
					
					
							Edited by wolverine, 16 May 2012 - 12:02 AM.
2305	theotherserge	2012-05-16	2 Handed Jaime was exactly that stupid.  He was arrogant and probably honestly believed that he could sneak away from the northern camp. Jaime was never shown to be a strategist, just an idiot that was good with a sword.I concur. Martin plays out this theme of a knight's arrogance in such ways. Ser Vardis was a good one, Lyn Corbray, Ser Loras, The Red Viper,  Ser Jorah etc etc...Jamie was exactly the type of guy to get himself caught because he's so much better than the rest of his troops that he got ahead of them and then found himself in a mess. What the seven hells is forethought when you're used to hacking and hammering your way out of trouble?!
2306	Currawong	2012-05-16	This is my main problem with the scene. It's just terribly contrived. First you have to believe that there was only one guard looking after them, that they put a Lord's heir on guard duty like a common soldier, that he quickly overheard them talking yet Jaime had time to bash Alton's head in and pretend to be asleep before the guard came back and that the guard just happened to have the key to both the cell and the manacles.Then you have to believe Jaime managed to sneak out of a enemy camp with 15,000+ enemy soldiers without drawing attention to himself. It just doesn't make much sense.Exactly.  It's one of the problems arising from the fact that Jaime is not being held in Riverrun, but in a cage and travelling around with Robb's army.   If Robb wanted to hold a high-value hostage (which the Kingslayer is), then having him held like that in an open cage where any disaffected northerner could sneak up and stick a knife in him on any night, just makes no practical sense.   High value hostages were generally held in reasonable comfort, so they could be traded, unless (as Jaime did in the book), they try to escape or otherwise become 'difficult'. But because they havce moved various scenes and events from Riverrun, they have had to concoct an escape plot that really makes no sense at all.  They'd have been much better off forgetting the attempted escape entirely, and just having Cat agonise over what she's doing, before deciding to release Jaime in order to get her daughters back.
2307	wood_dat_aye_could	2012-05-16	Did anyone recognize the actual dialog from the Alton/Jamie scene?  Did Jamie have that exact same conversation w/ another Lannister somewhere in the books.  Obviously it would have ended differently, but that whole story about the squire and the fat Lannister mother sounded vaguely familiar.  Could they have borrowed that story from another chapter, book, 'cousin', and if so, I think it was done well. I looked at some of his chapters in SoS, but couldnt find the dialog there.  Does anyone have any insight on what book or character this dialog is from, if it IS in fact taken somewhere from the books?
2308	Gemini	2012-05-16	I really have a hard time seeing where people are so convinced that Jaime is a complete sociopath.  I mean, I believed it too until I read book three and four, and when I went back to reread book one, I figured I'd go back to hating him again.  But I didn't, because I could see the subtle hints of his redeemable qualities.  For example, Tyrion remarks of him being the only one of his relatives to ever be kind to him.  While Cersei and Tywin were making Tyrion's life miserable, Jaime was an actual brother to him, and looked out for him.  And when Jaime pushed Bran out of the window, the line is, "'The things I do for love,' he said with loathing."  It isn't, "'Hey Cersei, check this out!' he said, smirking."  Everything about that line implies that he didn't want to do what he was about to do, but he felt like he had to for the sake of those he cares about, mostly his sister/lover.  I'm not saying that it was an all right deed because he didn't want to do it.  Of course it was still wrong.  I'm just saying, he doesn't go around killing anyone he feels like and thinks it's perfectly all right.  
All of Jaime's awful acts have been for the sake of others.  Bran was for his sister, Aerys was for all of King's Landing, and Jory and company was because he thought Ned was responsible for his brother's capture.  Once again, I'm not saying I agree with these decisions (except for Aerys.  I consider Jaime a hero for that one), but he had very distinct motives for each, and each demonstrated just how much Jaime will do ANYTHING for someone he cares about.  "The things I do for love," really sums him up more than any other line.  
And that's why I don't buy in to him killing Ser Alton.  Alton was on his side, he wasn't in Jaime's way or a threat to someone Jaime cares about.  I can't see him killing someone like that, so pointlessly.
2309	victim	2012-05-16	This little event could actually play into his redemptive arc further down the track, even though this is just me hoping. I think it could work nicely if he doesn't forget what he did, and ends up regretting it. 
Say, for example, in his bathtub scene with Brienne, if he is telling her about why he killed Bran and why he killed Aerys, and finally ends with his cousin. He's an arrogant dick because of his abilities but when he loses his hand he begins to see himself as irrelevant and this is pretty much how his redemptive arc forms. What if he goes out of his way to mention how killing Alton was something he did for himself simply because he felt like he was more important than his cousin -- perhaps even because he felt like his sister and children needed him to survive their oncoming hardships.
The large problem with Jaime's ASoS arc is it's not exactly a physical journey, despite all the travelling it is mostly in his headspace, he saves Brienne because of a dream for example. Translating such a change in character is often very difficult to do on screen and usually has to be done through action and dialogue, which is why I think a scene of him telling Brienne stories regretfully will serve a valuable purpose.
While I mislike him killing Alton, I think the entire story, or adaptation I should say, needs to play out before we jump to any wicked conclusions. I also personally don't think it destroys his redemptive arc, I think it could make it better.
2310	Currawong	2012-05-16	The large problem with Jaime's ASoS arc is it's not exactly a physical journey, despite all the travelling it is mostly in his headspace, he saves Brienne because of a dream for example. Translating such a change in character is often very difficult to do on screen and usually has to be done through action and dialogue, which is why I think a scene of him telling Brienne stories regretfully will serve a valuable purpose.You make a very good point.   So much of the change in Jaime is internal, seen only through his POV in ASOS and AFFC.  It also applies to Brienne in AFFC, and it is interesting that we basically 'see' their growing relationship as much through their thoughts when they are apart, as anything when they are together.The "internalisation" of so much of ASOIAF is a great problem for the series writers, simply because there is so much general information and background given only through people's thoughts and reflections, not through any open action or dialogue.  Hence the need for so many invented scenes, or changes to book dialogue.   When writing, GRRM can spend several pages outlining some point about Westeros history or the key families, and it is important to us as readers because we get to know the world, and also get to know some of the critical background to the current war.  But actuially showing that on screen, without benefit of an overall narrator, is extremely difficult.
2311	Elba the Intoner	2012-05-16	I totally agree with Gemini above.  He is far from a saint, there's no question about that, but we do learn that many of his evil acts were to protect others and for those he loved in particular, except for in those cases where he was fighting a war.  He was portrayed that way in the first season too.  So that's why this seems so out of character.  Oh well, almost every character on the show has been acting out of character for them so far, except for maybe Theon, Bran and Brienne (and Sansa who's had little screen time to do much of anything and Davos who we'll hopefully see again soon).
2312	Hear Us Roar	2012-05-17	I think lviing in your own feces for months while being spit on and beaten while not allow you to make the most sane decisions.. and he was rash and quick to begin with.
2313	EveryoneRelax	2012-05-17	I totally agree with Gemini above. He is far from a saint, there's no question about that, but we do learn that many of his evil acts were to protect others and for those he loved in particular, except for in those cases where he was fighting a war. He was portrayed that way in the first season too. So that's why this seems so out of character. Oh well, almost every character on the show has been acting out of character for them so far, except for maybe Theon, Bran and Brienne (and Sansa who's had little screen time to do much of anything and Davos who we'll hopefully see again soon).First time poster, hello everyone! That was also my biggest problem with the scene. Jaime isn't a saint by any means but he doesn't just kill people randomly and he is far too clever to not figure out a better way out of that situation. Oh well it is what it is.
2314	Jayaris	2012-05-17	This has been discussed to death, there are five other threads in this sub-forum where people raise the exact same concerns.
"He gains nothing from killing Alton"
That's not true, if Alton is alive he's either slowing him down or escaping on his own and risks notifying the camp of the escape attempt early.
I don't see how anyone could argue that leaving Alton alive is a superior escape plan to killing him.
And that's if you assume that 'playing dead' is a guaranteed success, if the Guard doesn't find Alton's acting credible or can see him breathing or his chest rising/falling he can tell he's alive from a distance.
His odds of escaping are greater if he kills Alton and as you mention his chance of escape in the first place is ridiculously low, so he needs all the help he can get.
2315	imladolen	2012-05-17	Oh well, there goes Jaimes entire redemption arc down the drain.I'd say that is BS. His redemption arc is only going to be stronger after this. Only a guilty man can have a redemption story.
2316	imladolen	2012-05-17	I really have a hard time seeing where people are so convinced that Jaime is a complete sociopath. I mean, I believed it too until I read book three and four, and when I went back to reread book one, I figured I'd go back to hating him again. But I didn't, because I could see the subtle hints of his redeemable qualities. For example, Tyrion remarks of him being the only one of his relatives to ever be kind to him. While Cersei and Tywin were making Tyrion's life miserable, Jaime was an actual brother to him, and looked out for him. And when Jaime pushed Bran out of the window, the line is, "'The things I do for love,' he said with loathing." It isn't, "'Hey Cersei, check this out!' he said, smirking." Everything about that line implies that he didn't want to do what he was about to do, but he felt like he had to for the sake of those he cares about, mostly his sister/lover. I'm not saying that it was an all right deed because he didn't want to do it. Of course it was still wrong. I'm just saying, he doesn't go around killing anyone he feels like and thinks it's perfectly all right. All of Jaime's awful acts have been for the sake of others. Bran was for his sister, Aerys was for all of King's Landing, and Jory and company was because he thought Ned was responsible for his brother's capture. Once again, I'm not saying I agree with these decisions (except for Aerys. I consider Jaime a hero for that one), but he had very distinct motives for each, and each demonstrated just how much Jaime will do ANYTHING for someone he cares about. "The things I do for love," really sums him up more than any other line. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />And that's why I don't buy in to him killing Ser Alton. Alton was on his side, he wasn't in Jaime's way or a threat to someone Jaime cares about. I can't see him killing someone like that, so pointlessly.I do not agree with this though. Alton wanted to be part of something (think about the whole conversation the two just had), and would do anything to help Jaime (one of the most important people on his side of the war) escape. This is war, and in war, people die, sacrifices are made. Jaime had no familial love for Alton (he hardly even knew who the kid was), and in Jaime's opinion (as well as the opinion of all the Lannisters and other loyalists to Joffrey's reign) the Kingslayer is more important than some randomly minor Lannister scion.Alton faking being dead wouldn't have worked. It was the sounds of the attack, the site of the shuddering Alton (who definitely did not come across as smart enough to fake that) laying there, and all the blood on his face that put the Karstark idiot boy into surprise and shock, long enough for him to not be paying attention to Jaime. Personally, I think the complaints about this scene stem simply from the fact that people CAN complain (nerdrage, groupthink, all the typical BS that riles geeks up). I do not think any of the arguments I've read against this scene hold any weight.
					
					
							Edited by imlad, 17 May 2012 - 11:10 AM.
2317	Bride of Winter	2012-05-14	It seems like people are pretty undecided on when exactly Roose decided to switch sides in the series.Something that really caught my eye was the scene where after all of Robb's bannermen left, Roose stayed for a bit, but left as Robb chose to talk to Jeyne instead. Based off of that, I'm guessing they're going to try to show that Roose was on Robb's side, but is gradually being pushed towards betraying him. What do you think of this change? Do you think in the series, Roose was always planning on betraying him, or do you think that he decided to switch sides later after it seemed like Robb was losing? Personally, I like having more depth on Roose's side, but I think the scene where Robb ignored Roose for Jeyne was plain idiotic on a level unrealistic even for Robb. He's generally supposed to have his head in the right place except for the sudden marriage. This dragged out love story is making him look a lot more dumb than he needs to be. Not to mention, if they simply make a comment in passing about the Boltons and Starks having been enemies for 10,000 years, they wouldn't have to make it look like Robb is begging for the Boltons' betrayal. Of course, this brings the question of what exactly his role was in the Sack of Winterfell, which happened before the Jeyne mess in both the series and show. But for the most part, I'm guessing the show is taking the side of Robb driving Roose to betray. Which, although it's quite possible, isn't very nice to watch unfold before your eyes. So my question is, when do you think Roose chose to betray Robb in the books, and do you think they're going about it right in the show?
2318	victim	2012-05-14	As to whether the time when Roose actively changed sides, it seems pretty difficult to determine. In my opinion, however, Roose always had the idea in his head that betrayal was an option and he was pushed in that direction by the disregarding of the Frey's. There's more to his character than "I just wanted to be Warden of the North' and I think it's good they're showing this softer side to start with.
2319	Sxxman	2012-05-14	The way Roose is portrayed in the books, I knew from the moment he was described that he was going to betray Robb and the only question to me was when (just looks evil).  
The way the show is going about it, to me makes the betrayal and the RW even more devastating especially if Roose explains to Robb before he kills him that he didn't WANT to betray him but for self-preservation he HAD to because the war was lost.
2320	WetHair	2012-05-14	I'm of the opinion that Roose wasn't always planning to switch sides but did it when it was likely Robb was going to lose.  A bit like Osha saying she had no intention of being drown at Winterfell. 
Not that long before the RW he was telling Robb that Ramsay had Theon and was flaying him and Robb made it clear he didn't want Theon flayed, he wanted him dead.  Roose went on about how he has value as a hostage, yada, yada and was getting Robb and Cat quite upset.  I don't see the point of this conversation if he was already planning on betraying Robb.  Why bring attention to himself?  So I think it wasn't that long before the RW.
2321	Ramsay Gimp	2012-05-14	Theon taking Winterfell and killing Bran and Rickon combined with Stannis losing at the Blackwater sealed the deal for Roose in the books
2322	Ramsay Gimp	2012-05-14	I'm of the opinion that Roose wasn't always planning to switch sides but did it when it was likely Robb was going to lose.  A bit like Osha saying she had no intention of being drown at Winterfell.Not that long before the RW he was telling Robb that Ramsay had Theon and was flaying him and Robb made it clear he didn't want Theon flayed, he wanted him dead.  Roose went on about how he has value as a hostage, yada, yada and was getting Robb and Cat quite upset.  I don't see the point of this conversation if he was already planning on betraying Robb.  Why bring attention to himself?  So I think it wasn't that long before the RW.You realize that scene happens like the same day as the RW right?
2323	WetHair	2012-05-14	Erm......................obviously not!  /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
2324	_Oberyn_	2012-05-14	I'm sure Ruse was on Robbs side when he thought Casterly Rock and KL were up for grabbs.
2325	WeirwoodTreeHugger	2012-05-14	The Boltons have always resented having to defer to the Starks.  I always imagined Roose spent his  life waiting for an oppurtunity like this. There's no way Ramsay, who is very impulsive could have planned the sack of Winterfell IMHO.  We'll never know without a Roose POV I guess.  To me Roose is up there with LF and Varys in terms of long term scheming.  He's terrifying in ADWD.   Poor dumb Robb just gave him the oppurtunity to turn his cloak.
2326	Areo Speedwagon	2012-05-15	I think it's a gradual thing.  he's an opportunist.  But...
It's been a while since I read the books, but doesn't Robb execute Karstark?  I think they've set that up with jaime killing Karstark's son in his escape attempt.  but if that didn't happen in the books, oh well, they still set it up in the show.
I think it's good writing that D&D are merging themes in different storylines.  One reason Davos gives Stannis for his men's distrust of Melissandre is that she's a "foreigner."  I watched the episode at 2am last night, but doesn't Karstark say that Robb has been spending too much time with that "foreign bitch."  For me, one theme that emerged while reading the books is this sense that, even without the Long Night, by the end of this series, Westeros will be a totally different place.  In another storyline, I think Dany is going to have to deal with being a "foreigner."  Someone on another thread, mentioning Martin's historical acumen, brought up that by the end of the War of the Roses, the Rennaissance had started.  I think that's where we're headed and Westerosi attitudes on foreigners is going to be a part of that.
Back to Roose...
Lastly, I think it was Bran Vras who mentioned in one of his extensive (and I think very enjoyable) threads that Martin has established twists on classic monsters.  Qyburn as his version of Frankenstein and his Monster.  The concept of Wargs as a version of the Werewolf myth.  Then Bran Vras (at least I think it was him) mentioned Roose being his version of the vampire.  Obsessing about blood, being far older than he looks, evil and villainous, etc.  I don't know if you saw it, and it most likely is just something the actor thought would look good, but when Talisa comes to talk to Robb, you can see him in the background walking away and after a few steps he flings his cloak across his chest and over his shoulder.  It just struck me as something very much in line with Nosferatu or an old Bela Lugosi Dracula wrapped up in his cloak.  Again, 99% it's nothing, but it just struck me as Dracula-esque fr some reason.
					
					
							Edited by Areo Speedwagon, 15 May 2012 - 02:17 AM.
2327	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-05-15	I don't know if you saw it, and it most likely is just something the actor thought would look good, but when Talisa comes to talk to Robb, you can see him in the background walking away and after a few steps he flings his cloak across his chest and over his shoulder.  It just struck me as something very much in line with Nosferatu or an old Bela Lugosi Dracula wrapped up in his cloak.  Again, 99% it's nothing, but it just struck me as Dracula-esque fr some reason.I caught this too and thought it was a nice touch. Funny that you mention this because when he did it I thought "Count Dracula" haha
2328	WITCHKING	2012-05-15	Kate let the kingslayer escaped to save her daughters.The Starks dont care about the other Northeners , just about themselfs.Stark children are precious, Karstack children are not...Bolton was 100% right to betrayed such a family...
2329	Areo Speedwagon	2012-05-15	I caught this too and thought it was a nice touch. Funny that you mention this because when he did it I thought "Count Dracula" hahanice.  Glad i'm not crazy.  well, at least not for that.
2330	Monk Meth-	2012-05-15	Roose says the war was lost the moment robb lost winterfell..
2331	Monk Meth-	2012-05-15	Kate let the kingslayer escaped to save her daughters.The Starks dont care about the other Northeners , just about themselfs.Stark children are precious, Karstack children are not...Bolton was 100% right to betrayed such a family...Kate let the kingslayer escaped to save her daughters.The Starks dont care about the other Northeners , just about themselfs.Stark children are precious, Karstack children are not...Bolton was 100% right to betrayed such a family...because avenging someone who is alredy dead takes priority over keeping 2 other people alive... no.. it doesn't.
2332	Milcov	2012-05-15	The Boltons have always resented having to defer to the Starks.  I always imagined Roose spent his  life waiting for an oppurtunity like this. There's no way Ramsay, who is very impulsive could have planned the sack of Winterfell IMHO.  We'll never know without a Roose POV I guess.  To me Roose is up there with LF and Varys in terms of long term scheming.  He's terrifying in ADWD.   Poor dumb Robb just gave him the oppurtunity to turn his cloak.I think Theon's conversations with Roose show that wasn't always the case. Roose cares for his house and is very much like Tywin in this sense. He rues having Ramsay as an heir, like Tywin (wrongly) rues having Tyrion. Roose is purely pragmatic and you can tell he fears for his house under Ramsay.
2333	Tourniquet	2012-05-15	I think that Roose is starting to see the "boy" in Robb and realize that although he has a great mind for battle...he isn't going to make a great King. Roose must have a horse in both races if he wants to make it out alive and right after he see's Robb's interactions with Talisa/Jeyne he decides its time to put those plans into action.
2334	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-15	He looked so fucking awesome with his fur cape and shoulder-swirling that I don't even care if he betrays Robb anymore...
...
Seriously though, I think it was a subtle hint that Roose is picking up on things, and that Robb should watch himself. According to Roose himself (not a wholly reliable source, granted), he gave up on Robb's cause when the Starks lost Winterfell, but he still strikes me as firmly on Robb's side at this point. Maybe Ramsay going batshit will tip the scales.
2335	WITCHKING	2012-05-15	because avenging someone who is alredy dead takes priority over keeping 2 other people alive...no.. it doesn't.Didnt the Northeners loose their son's to avenge someone who is dead(Ned)?
					
					
							Edited by WITCHKING, 15 May 2012 - 09:02 AM.
2336	Gendry	2012-05-15	In reading the book I got the impression that Bolton was swayed by the letter sent by Tywin, I recall a scene where Tywin tells his son that wars aren't always won with swords.
2337	never trust a bard	2012-05-15	In reading the book I got the impression that Bolton was swayed by the letter sent by Tywin, I recall a scene where Tywin tells his son that wars aren't always won with swords.I remember this, but I thought it was he wrote the letter to the Freys that kicked off the RW.
2338	never trust a bard	2012-05-15	Totally unrelated, but the above post made me a Freerider and I am very excited about that.
2339	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	I would love a timeline on the Ramsey, Roose betrayal.  Would clarify things in my head on the betrayal.
Especially when they seem to diverge between the book and the series.
In the book Ramsey betrayed Robb by killing Ser Rodrik (the tipping point where conspiring became action), so clearly Ramsey had planned it earlier.  I think we can assume that Ramsey did it at his fathers behest.  So where prior to this did Roose decide to Betray Robb, this was before B &R were killed, before Karstack was beheaded, before Cat let JL free, before Robb got married.  (I may have the timeline off here, rereading ACoK right now so will amend this in my mind.
In the TV show, No active steps have been taken yet where Roose has betrayed Robb, B&R have been killed-Rodriks death is at the hands of Theon, Cat is going to do something with JS, which will likely lead shortly to Karstaks beheading and robbs wedding
Now if Ramsey as I would presume is going to take winterfell soon, the Roose would already have made his decision as none of the assumed triggers have happened yet, and he would have had to communicate his wishes to Ramsey.  And as has been established (?) communication by ravens can only be between castles.  So Roose will have to have made his decision long before Ramsey shows up at Winterfell.
Unless Ramsey's actions are not under Roose's control, which makes for some interesting considerations.
2340	Frumpus	2012-05-15	Given all of the changes by the show, it's possible that Roose won't even change sides at all.
2341	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	Totally unrelated, but the above post made me a Freerider and I am very excited about that.When I was a freerider I always thought freeloader in my head.
2342	So1ar	2012-05-15	Given all of the changes by the show, it's possible that Roose won't even change sides at all.nah he'll change. that look he gave jeyne when robb wanted to talk to her instead of himself showed that he isn't happy with the way robb is treating his lords. i think the show will make it more obvious that roose will betray robb than it was in the books. they show has a way of making things a lot more obvious than it was in the books: the dragons hatching, drogo dying, the two bodies were the orphan boys, etc.
2343	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	TV has to make it more obvious than in the books, Honestly the 1st reading through the books I couldnt keep track of Bolton, Karstack, Umber, Manderlay etc etc etc to remember that it was Bolton who betrays robb.  HBO is making Bolton a bigger character so it is obvious (for those who read the books) and I guess not so obvious to those who havent read the book.  Should work as a dramatic event on the TV show though and well done for the most part so far.
2344	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-15	Letting Ramsay deal Robb the killing blow at the RW might be the sort of deviation they'd go for.
2345	Mulled Wino	2012-05-15	Didnt the Northeners loose their son's to avenge someone who is dead(Ned)?if karstark kills jamie, sansa and arya (as far as they know) automatically die.  cuz they are alive right now, unlike rickard's kids
2346	never trust a bard	2012-05-15	Letting Ramsay deal Robb the killing blow at the RW might be the sort of deviation they'd go for.While I do love the Ramsay switch-a-roo at Winterfell, all I really NEED from Ramsey is some flaying of a certain shit-head.
2347	jarl the climber	2012-05-15	IMO in the books Roose played it safe after fighting Tywin near the Ruby Ford, it was Robb's marriage and Stannis's loss at the Blackwater that
drove him to make his own deal with Tywin. From what Roose said to Jamie bending the knee was always an option for Robb he was just to proud.
2348	sarah.jenice	2012-05-15	I think Roose's words in Dance about boy lords being the ruin of any house were telling that he was at least alway considering his options of not following a boy king and looking for any opportunities that arrose. Like others have said, I think Robb losing the North, his two younger brothers/heirs, marrying Jeyne and ruining the Frey alliance and Stannis loss in the Battle of the Blackwater totally sealed the deal for him. Even though we haven't learned all of the details at that point, Roose has already flipped sides by Arya's last chapter in Clash. He goes to hunt wolves and all of the Freys that are there with him are completely not on Robb's side. That one Frey boy who was betrothed to Arya cries about how he can't marry his princess anymore to Arya, and she tells him that she hopes his princess dies not knowing that it is her. 
The thing that makes it the least clear for me is the timeline with Ramsay sacking Winterfell. I don't think he did that without his father's knowledge so maybe Roose actually decided to flip sides the moment Robb lost the North and happily conspired with his son to rid the North of the as many of the remaining forces loyal to the Starks.
In the show, it seems less clear as to when it will happen, but I don't think they can not have the betrayal occur.
2349	Ramsay Gimp	2012-05-15	Letting Ramsay deal Robb the killing blow at the RW might be the sort of deviation they'd go for.This would really piss me off
2350	WeirwoodTreeHugger	2012-05-15	Two Bolton things we need to see on the show.
-Roose bathing in leeches
-The actual flayed man banner.  Creepiest flag of all time.
2351	House Snow	2012-05-15	TV has to make it more obvious than in the books, Honestly the 1st reading through the books I couldnt keep track of Bolton, Karstack, Umber, Manderlay etc etc etc to remember that it was Bolton who betrays robb.  HBO is making Bolton a bigger character so it is obvious (for those who read the books) and I guess not so obvious to those who havent read the book.  Should work as a dramatic event on the TV show though and well done for the most part so far.I would also add that TV show needs to have some internal logic that a book doesn't.  GRRM can explain something whenever he wants, where the show need to connect the dots.  Also things are  obviously alot more obvious to us book readers, than to nonreaders.
2352	Bride of Winter	2012-05-15	Two Bolton things we need to see on the show.-Roose bathing in leeches-The actual flayed man banner.  Creepiest flag of all time.YES to both of these. especially leeches. there's a disappointing lack of leeches.
2353	Sir Cadogan	2012-05-15	The new actor is great. He's been a bit mysterious so far, but like someone else mentioned on another topic, there's this "vampiresque" aura around him that suits him pretty well.
There's this combination of voice, appearance and presence on Michael McElhatton that aren't there just for the sake of having a Roose Bolton on screen. We'll be having the Leech Lord. For sure.
2354	WITCHKING	2012-05-16	if karstark kills jamie, sansa and arya (as far as they know) automatically die.  cuz they are alive right now, unlike rickard's kidsRickard's kids were alive and they die to get revenge for Ned's death....
2355	greywindsrage	2012-05-16	It seems like people are pretty undecided on when exactly Roose decided to switch sides in the series.Something that really caught my eye was the scene where after all of Robb's bannermen left, Roose stayed for a bit, but left as Robb chose to talk to Jeyne instead. Based off of that, I'm guessing they're going to try to show that Roose was on Robb's side, but is gradually being pushed towards betraying him. What do you think of this change? Do you think in the series, Roose was always planning on betraying him, or do you think that he decided to switch sides later after it seemed like Robb was losing?Personally, I like having more depth on Roose's side, but I think the scene where Robb ignored Roose for Jeyne was plain idiotic on a level unrealistic even for Robb. He's generally supposed to have his head in the right place except for the sudden marriage. This dragged out love story is making him look a lot more dumb than he needs to be. Not to mention, if they simply make a comment in passing about the Boltons and Starks having been enemies for 10,000 years, they wouldn't have to make it look like Robb is begging for the Boltons' betrayal.Of course, this brings the question of what exactly his role was in the Sack of Winterfell, which happened before the Jeyne mess in both the series and show.But for the most part, I'm guessing the show is taking the side of Robb driving Roose to betray. Which, although it's quite possible, isn't very nice to watch unfold before your eyes.So my question is, when do you think Roose chose to betray Robb in the books, and do you think they're going about it right in the show?He mentions sending Ramsay to Winterfell so he probably had it in his mind before that scene.
2356	Dread Pirate Euron	2012-05-16	Kate let the kingslayer escaped to save her daughters.The Starks dont care about the other Northeners , just about themselfs.Stark children are precious, Karstack children are not...Bolton was 100% right to betrayed such a family...Well there is a difference between Royal children and Noble children.  One is literally worth more than the other.
2357	Mulled Wino	2012-05-16	Rickard's kids were alive and they die to get revenge for Ned's death....correct, were alive, the stark kids ARE alive.the w makes a difference. your point is shite, admit it.
2358	So1ar	2012-05-16	Two Bolton things we need to see on the show.-Roose bathing in leeches-The actual flayed man banner.  Creepiest flag of all time.The banner was in this episode. I saw it in the background after Roose walked off when Robb decided to talk to Jeyne.
2359	DirtyRobes	2012-05-16	I just had a thought.
Was it Roose that ordered Ramsey the marry Lady Hornwood or did he bring that on himself? I dont remember if we are told this, can anyone enlighten me?
SURELY if this was Roose's plan then he Allowed Ramsey to kill LHornwood? Sure Ramsey is a crazy nutbag but would he disobey a direct order from Roose to not kill her? You could argue he just Let her die by starving to death, but that still brings me to the same question.
Was Roose hedging his bets from the beginning? We learn in ADWD that Manderly is Seriously pissed when Ramsey marries his cousin and after hearing of her death moves to secure her lands which leads to Ramsey being wanted in the north, leads to Rodrick, etc etc.
So chain of events?
Or
Did Roose hear, "we're going to war" and immediately dispatch his bastard to cause havoc and eventually make himself Warden of the North?
Also i'd Love a Roose POV in WoW:-D GRRM promised No more, but I expect he'll break a few promises before we're done!!(BOOK 8 - ITS STILL FU*KING WINTER)
2360	WITCHKING	2012-05-17	correct, were alive, the stark kids ARE alive. the w makes a difference. your point is shite, admit it.So it's ok for Karstark and Bolton's to die to avenge a DEAD man, but when it come's to their vengeage Stark's children come's first?If Stark kids were all alive and well in Winderfell and the Karstark kids were Lanister prisoner's you think Kate will not kill the kingslayer?
2361	StarkWard	2012-05-17	TV Roose may send his bastard to Winterfell in good faith. Ramsay defeats Theon. Robb gets married in the Crag, along with other good reasons for desertion. Roose reaches a tipping point, and sends a raven to Ramsay to proclaim Winterfell as his own. OR!
He may already be negotiating with the Lannisters and is sending his son to Winterfell specifically to proclaim it as Bolton's.
2362	SerMixalot	2012-05-17	I dont think one can establish when Roose turned his cloak from either the book or the tv series.  there is alot of misinformation in the book, the timeline is very complex.  I think the TV series lends far less info on thesubject and alot has to be shown on how it plays out. what gets me is the planning of stuff cause communication of intent takes time with ravens flying back and forth between castles and all requiring longer times for plans to be enacted. Does roose take advantage of Ramsey's independent actions or did roose plan it all along or did roose react and direct ramsey's actions.  TIme will hopefully tell book and tv wise
2363	ShadowRaven	2012-05-14	Pros:
- Epic epic epic scene ending, Bran & Rickon Dead.
- Loved the Catelyn scenes.
Cons:
- Looks like show is ending sooner than later.
- Was the moment where they killed the 13 of Qarth supposed to be shocking?
Your turn.
2364	Ser Giant	2012-05-14	Con- Bran/Rickon's death was too obviously faked, I really doubt any tv-only viewers havent already figured it out.
Con-Jamie the psycho smashing a boys skull 20x over.
Pro-All scenes with Cat, Arya, and Tywin.
Pro-Sansa getting her period was done really well done, I thought it would be really awkward to watch.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Giant, 14 May 2012 - 09:20 PM.
2365	Isabella Stark	2012-05-14	I love that a girl getting her first period is a major plot point!
It's that kind of thing that sets these books apart:)
2366	ikriti	2012-05-14	pros: sansa period scene
pros: 11/13 of the thirteen getting godfathered, good setup for tv viewers to start looking a little deeper into that storyline
pros: "you know nothing jon snow"
pros: the cat and jaimie scene
1/2 pro 1/2 con: jaimie scene killing alton, pro cause it was acted very very well, con cause it makes jaimie look more evil than he should look,i understand maybe the river scene wouldnt have worked for whatever reason but the way he went down didnt seem right
con: talking about the one armed boy earlier in the episode and then showing the viewers the 2 boys burned one of which had a severed arm, every person i have talked to that has not read the book know that bran and rickon didnt die, this scene failed me a little, you were much more suprised in the book, acted well once again, but its just like, really? its like putting a snip in about what joffery is going to do to ned the night before, annoying, dont really see the point of it.
2367	Faraday	2012-05-14	PRO: You know nothing, Jon Snow.
Pro: Theon Greyjoy. Just in general. The cliffhanger is awkwardish but Alfie Allen is phenomenal. 
Actually I liked pretty much everything except: 
CON: Jaime killing Alton because 'lol'.
2368	Some Bro from the North	2012-05-14	Pro: Every thing about Theons scenes, he is saving this season for me
Pro: Mention about the brotherhood without banners
con: Cersei and tyrion scene
Con: Gregor Clegane in general
2369	Faraday	2012-05-14	Wow, I forgot Gregor. Probably for the best ._.
2370	Eddard Sand	2012-05-15	I enjoyed the episode so PRO most everything.
CON: Dany is being portrayed as a Aerys/Viserys with teats as opposed to a stunningly beautiful Aegon the Conqueror reborn
2371	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-05-15	You know, there really was no way for them to show the Bran/Rickon scene any other way. I don't know how they could have done this without it being a bit of a giveaway. The thing that some people just have to come to terms with is that certain scenes work better in the written form than they do on screen and vice versa. You win some, you lose some.
As far as the Jaime scene goes, like I said in other threads, I think it only serves to enhance his upcoming redemption arc. Plus we get the added bonus of a very well acted out scene. It was great, all around. I would hate for there to be absolutely no shocks for me in this series. I love that I got to read the books and STILL the show manages to surprise me sometimes.
2372	Ser Giant	2012-05-15	They needed a "Reek". not Dagmar as a replacement. Plus they gave wayyyyy too much info to the viewer. No boys should have been shown or mentioned at all. They showed Bran and the gang looking at the place deciding whether or not to go, they should have only showed Theon go to that place and next show him at Winterfell with the hanging dead boys. They purposely chose to let everyone in on the deception.
Anything is possible when it comes to TV, sometimes you just have to work harder/be more talented.
2373	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-15	Pros:
Jaime getting screentime
Anything Jaime says
Jaime and Cat
Jaime and Brienne, little as it was
Jaime and Alton before... well, yeah
Cat's epic comebacks
Brienne's "man" line, lawl
Tyrion almost comforting Cersei
Tywin and Arya
Ygritte
Ygritte's amusing smack talk
The ending scene with Theon, Dagmer and Luwin
Roose Bolton getting screentime
Roose Bolton's badass cloak flip
Cons:
Jaime brutally butchering poor Alton for the evuls
Cersei being defanged completely (there's no middle ground indeed with this character, it seems)
No Davos
No Stannis
Talisa continues to disappoint
I want my Reek back
Dany's storyline continues to be pretty meh
Sandor ostensibly telling the queen about Sansa
Still not a Shae fan
I REALLY want my Reek back
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 15 May 2012 - 10:26 AM.
2374	HouseLark	2012-05-15	Pro - everything between Charles Dance and Maisie Williams. I don't care if these scenes are not in the book or that TV!Tywin has more of a rounded character than Book!Tywin, they are so well acted and written that they make excellent TV and that is what's important here.
Pro - mention of Visenya and Dark Sister. A nice little throw out to book readers; they should do more of that since it doesn't harm the show but ensures that readers are a bit more satisfied. We also got mention of Balon Swann.
Pro - The awkwardness between Cersei and Tyrion. He knew he was meant to comfort her, she knew he was meant to; instead they both looked like they were staring at a cobra that might pounce. Brilliantly acted without a word being said.
Pro - Ygritte and Jon. Perfectly done. I'm interested in how they will play out the rest of that arc with the Halfhand.
Pro - Pyat Pree. Just a wonderful portrayal, the right amount of bloddlessness and creepy.
Pro - Karstark's mention of Robb heading to the Crag with "that foreign whore". This is nice foreshadowing since Robb's actions have been unquestioned and popular so far. His love for Talisa will start to eat into the loyalty of his bannermen together with his reaction to Karstark in the coming episodes. This, in turn, will make it easier to understand how the betrayal will have developed by the end of season four.
Con - Dany. I'm bored almost every time she's on screen right now. Hopefully her journey into the House of the Undying will make her arc a bit more interesting.
Con - Jaime's kinslaying...
Con - No sex scenes. Although there was a lot of violence and gore, I'm European and find it easier to stomach nudity on screen than violence and killing /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by HouseLark, 15 May 2012 - 10:25 AM.
2375	Bambi	2012-05-15	Pros:Harrenhal overview with Lannisters: awesomeCharles Dance and Maise (altough the proper-properly correction was a bit fail of acting)The slaughtering of the 13 (11, precisely)Personally i liked the "murder of the Stark boys", most casual show-viewers won't figure it outSansa flowering, the actress starts to be greatCons:Psychopathic murder by JaimeQuaithe (she is not a mysterious character anymore... as far as i recall in the books she only appeared at nights and definitely not in public)North of the wal: I really-really HATE these goddamn wastelands. Where are the immense forests?Didn't like the emotional scene between Tyrion and Cersei. Cersei would've never opened herself in such way to Tyrion and wouldn't have spoken with him about the incest.
2376	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	Pros:
Catelyns acting
Jamie, Brienne and Cat's interaction
Osha charming Hodor and Rickon
Sansa's acting
Cons
Jon and Ygritte-jon goes from tough son of Ned Stark to whiny wilding's bitch
Tyrion and Cersei bonding-Last week Cersei is wishing massive pain on Tyrion and next week will whip his lover, yeah lets bond)
Tywin and Arya-Great acting, HORRIBLE writing
EVERYTHING in ESSOS-Tis boring, going nowhere and cliched
Jamie killing his cousin-despite all appearances, In book JL is NOT a sociopath, a narcissist yes, a sociopath NO
Shae doing something out of character, hmm lets see her two previous interactions with Sansa-Gee Sansa you aint better than me and Gee Sansa you are one ignorant fool who doesnt understand why poor hungry people are mad.
					
					
							Edited by SerMixalot, 15 May 2012 - 11:42 AM.
2377	Bambi	2012-05-15	I rewatched the Cersei-Tyrion scene and altough it was far from the original storyline it was massively great-great acting!
2378	ipsuel	2012-05-15	(I can never remember all the actor names, so I'm using character names :-))
Pro: Arya/Tywin scenes (not realistic, but love 'em nonetheless)
Pro: Sansa was great this episode 
Pro: Theon and the 'death' of Bran and Rickon
Pro: Ygritte (I think she was perfectly cast)
Con: Dany (always a con to me)
Con: Gregor (really not liking the new one)
Con: Jaime killing Alton... so NOT in his character that it was actually comical to me
Con: Jon being caught by Wildlings instead of Qhorin sending him over (but I think that's coming)
Con: I am having Davos withdrawal
Pro in general: For the most part, the acting I think is top-notch (except the new Mountain). Hated the Jaime stuff but think he did it wonderfully, so the scene  failed for me thru no fault of the actor. The girl playing Sansa blew me away with her depiction this episode... seriously, best cast of young actors anywhere on TV.
2379	ipsuel	2012-05-15	woops totally forgot...HUGE CON: The Quaithe tattoing party... Seriously? Uh... this character (for me) was taken from mysterious/possibly shady to ridiculous and comical in that scene... seemed so forced: Hey audience... look at this woman wearing a mask and creating cool tattoos--ohhhh that means she is mysterious... it was (imo) just BAD QuoteMultiQuoteEdit
2380	Bambi	2012-05-15	woops totally forgot...HUGE CON: The Quaithe tattoing party... Seriously? Uh... this character (for me) was taken from mysterious/possibly shady to ridiculous and comical in that scene... seemed so forced: Hey audience... look at this woman wearing a mask and creating cool tattoos--ohhhh that means she is mysterious... it was (imo) just BAD QuoteMultiQuoteEditI agree you so much concerning your opinion about Quaithe. D&D totally misinterpreted the character.
2381	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	the new gregor reminds me of the knight who says Ni!
2382	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	I agree you so much concerning your opinion about Quaithe. D&D totally misinterpreted the character.yeah, ooooh I am mysterious lady, now wait a second while I dip my paintbrush and paint this guys back oooooooh Spooky
2383	Dragon greyscale	2012-05-16	You know, there really was no way for them to show the Bran/Rickon scene any other way. I don't know how they could have done this without it being a bit of a giveaway. The thing that some people just have to come to terms with is that certain scenes work better in the written form than they do on screen and vice versa. You win some, you lose some.I agree with your conclusion about differences in medium. I think it'll be especially evident in the more ambiguous events (gravedigger, Balon's death, Arya at the RW etc. etc.) They are dificult beasts for adaptation for sure.Nevertheless, I was still dissappointed by the show's handling of B&R's death. If it's off screen and mysterious, they could have at least tried harder to keep it that way. They should've kept it as surprising as possible. It might have helped if they went straight from Luwin and Theon's first interchange ("it's just a game") to the final scene. They could have cut out the walnuts and orphan talk completely. They can explain all that backstory about the miller boys in future episodes. That would be truly shocking, like it's supposed to be.
2384	zippypoodle	2012-05-16	Pro: Everything
Con: Nothing
That was easy.
2385	House Balstroko	2012-05-16	Pros:-Arya scenes (all of them)-Theon in Winterfell-Jaime/Alton scene-Jaime/Catelyn sceneCons:-Jon's capture (will have to see how it plays out from here, but I think it will ruin the dramatic effect of his turnover after Qhorin's  death)-Most of Dany's scenes (here's hoping that the House of the Undying improves her arc)
2386	NeilSpoon	2012-05-14	So will Cat release Jaimie? Seems odd as she doesn't know about Bran and Rickon yet?
Or will it actually be her cutting off his hand? Seems very unlikely as well.
2387	turdle	2012-05-14	i think the most likely answer is that she is going to free him. but i'm going with she's cutting his hand off. if she's going to free him, why does she ask for a sword? she going to cut through his chains?
2388	David Selig	2012-05-14	i think the most likely answer is that she is going to free him. but i'm going with she's cutting his hand off. if she's going to free him, why does she ask for a sword? she going to cut through his chains? Probably for the same reason as in the books - to ask Jaime to swear a bunch of vows with a sword pressed against his chest.
2389	turdle	2012-05-14	Probably for the same reason as in the books - to ask Jaime to swear a bunch of vows with a sword pressed against his chest.i did not remember that. still going to be quite the trick to get the kingslayer out of this camp with half the men trying to kill him, instead of a nice quite dungeon in riverrun.
2390	Mad Queen	2012-05-14	So will Cat release Jaimie? Seems odd as she doesn't know about Bran and Rickon yet?Or will it actually be her cutting off his hand? Seems very unlikely as well.I hope not (that Cat will release Jaime), but it looks like it. When that happens in the books, you could excuse her in part, because grief drove her mad. In the show, releasing Jaime will be pure selfish premeditated treason. It'll be impossible for people who like Cat defend her this time.And I really hope Brienne won't cut off his hand. He would always hate her for that, realistically, but we know that's not what happens.
2391	Laohu	2012-05-14	Eh.. Blaming her release of Jamie because of a "mad spell" does not really sit well with me. She was desperate, yes, but she also knew exactly what she was doing by having Brienne escort Jamie to King's Landing. Regardless of her knowledge of Bran and Rickon, she is still desperate to get her two girls back, and Cat knows that if Jamie dies at the hand of Robb's men, then her daughters are as good as dead. This probably seems to be her only available option.
As to how she plans on spiriting him away from the middle of that camp, your guess is as good as mine. They certainly cannot fight their way out.
2392	House Snow	2012-05-14	If she does release him I hope they find a better way to do than the book.  I hated the bran and rickon exscuse.
2393	Maria Underfoot	2012-05-16	I think it will be a huge diversion from the books if she cuts his hand, and not good one. When captured by the mummers, Brienne and Jaime come closer, he matures as a person, he cries, he's scared, he's honest in trying to help Brienne... All those would be incredible scenes. (THAPHIRES!!!! We can't possibly miss that!)
					
					
							Edited by Maria Underfoot, 16 May 2012 - 08:35 AM.
2394	Evamitchelle	2012-05-16	I think it will be a huge diversion from the books if she cuts his hand, and not good one. When captured by the mummers, Brienne and Jaime come closer, he matures as a person, he cries, he's scared, he's honest in trying to help Brienne... All those would be incredible scenes. (THAPHIRES!!!! We can't possibly miss that!)It would make no sense to have Cat or Brienne cut Jaime's hand off now. Cat's motivation for freeing Jaime is to get her daughters safely back, if she cuts the hostage's hand the whole deal kinda goes south. Not to mention that he would have a high chance of quickly dying of infection (like he almost does in the books). Besides Brienne would not agree with torturing/maiming prisoners like that, even if it's someone like the Kingslayer. If they have Cat cut his hand now they're basically screwing over 3 characters simultaneously. Even if I haven't liked all their changes I still don't think they would be that stupid.
2395	Kaitscralt	2012-05-16	The episode explained clearly why she would do it without needing to learn of her son's deaths.
2396	irishtemper	2012-05-16	If she does release him I hope they find a better way to do than the book.  I hated the bran and rickon exscuse.What would be a better way?I think it would be absurdly stupid for it to happen any other way, because it is the only one that makes sense....I just tried to think of an example and no I can't think of a better reason for a mother to release the most dangerous enemy and man notoriously without honor with just a one woman guard to go all the way to KL and free her two daughters other than the fact that she just found out her two younger sons were brutally killed.
2397	Silent Assassin	2012-05-16	I think that she's going to release him, in the book happen when Robb is away from the encampment and when come back, is with a wife, in this case the nurse, and he is reported that the kingslayer has been release, i think that is going to be that way
2398	irishtemper	2012-05-16	I think that she's going to release him, in the book happen when Robb is away from the encampment and when come back, is with a wife, in this case the nurse, and he is reported that the kingslayer has been release, i think that is going to be that wayShit I think you may be right, I forgot he was at the Crag negotiating the surrender...so they might have gotten a raven with some grim news and Rob is consoled by the not so plain Jeyne Westerling
2399	Elba the Intoner	2012-05-16	Eh.. Blaming her release of Jamie because of a "mad spell" does not really sit well with me. She was desperate, yes, but she also knew exactly what she was doing by having Brienne escort Jamie to King's Landing. Regardless of her knowledge of Bran and Rickon, she is still desperate to get her two girls back, and Cat knows that if Jamie dies at the hand of Robb's men, then her daughters are as good as dead. This probably seems to be her only available option.As to how she plans on spiriting him away from the middle of that camp, your guess is as good as mine. They certainly cannot fight their way out. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Her main reason in the books was she was desperate to get her daughter's back.  That still holds in the show.  I think it's been set up quite well as pretty much even Jaime believes that one of the drunk bannermen will kill him that night and Cat has done everything in her power to keep that from happening.  If they get really drunk she won't be able to control them at all so she has to get Jaime out of there asap.No way is she or Brienne going to be the one to cut off his hand.  That would be too drastic a change to all their characters.  Now if Cat had turned into Lady Stoneheart by this point then . . . .
2400	Ser Giant	2012-05-16	The episode explained clearly why she would do it without needing to learn of her son's deaths.Yep, if she doesnt get Jaime out of there now he will die, if he dies so do Sansa and Arya. Didnt really think of this until I read your post.
2401	ipsuel	2012-05-16	I think that she's going to release him, in the book happen when Robb is away from the encampment and when come back, is with a wife, in this case the nurse, and he is reported that the kingslayer has been release, i think that is going to be that wayYeah me too -- I kinda thought it was a given... It's set up to play out like the books (though differently). When he arrives back, Mom's let Jaime go, and he's got a new wife.
2402	scurvy	2012-05-16	He's not going to lose his hand until next season.  I think they'll add the Goat to the roster of characters then.  Brienne and Jaime will leave next episode or the one after once Cat learns of the boys' "death."  Then, early next season Rorge and Biter will capture him, cut off his hand and return him to Harrenhal.  He'll meet with Roose- give Robb Stark my regards.  Brienne and the Bear (and the fair maiden) and all that jazz and Jaime's redemption story begins.
2403	SerMixalot	2012-05-16	hmmm I had originally thought when she took the sword her options were either nothing, cut hand or kill him and only realistic option would be cut off hand, but a 4th option exists as someone above wrote
make him swear on his honor to get her daughters back (that of course matches the book) and then release him.
2404	Currawong	2012-05-16	It would make no sense to have Cat or Brienne cut Jaime's hand off now. Cat's motivation for freeing Jaime is to get her daughters safely back, if she cuts the hostage's hand the whole deal kinda goes south. Not to mention that he would have a high chance of quickly dying of infection (like he almost does in the books). Besides Brienne would not agree with torturing/maiming prisoners like that, even if it's someone like the Kingslayer. If they have Cat cut his hand now they're basically screwing over 3 characters simultaneously. Even if I haven't liked all their changes I still don't think they would be that stupid.He's not going to lose his hand until next season.  I think they'll add the Goat to the roster of characters then.  Brienne and Jaime will leave next episode or the one after once Cat learns of the boys' "death."  Then, early next season Rorge and Biter will capture him, cut off his hand and return him to Harrenhal.  He'll meet with Roose- give Robb Stark my regards.  Brienne and the Bear (and the fair maiden) and all that jazz and Jaime's redemption story begins.Agree wiih both of these.    Cat won't cut off Jaime's hand because she knows it would mean either the deaths of her daughters, or (more Lannister evil!) sending them back to her, but each minus a hand.  Cat calling for Brienne's sword is straight from the chapter ending in ACOK, only readers were left wondering what happened until ASOS was published.  Here in Series 2, we will probably get the vows and the escape, which of course are only seen in restrospect through Jaime's POV in ASOS.In TV drama terms, the loss of Jaime's hand would be a fantastic cliffhanger ending to one of the Series 3 episodes, along the lines of Bran being tossed out the window  - Jaime held down by the BMs, the sword flashing down, perhaps a scream from Brienne or Jaime ...   and then viewers have to wait for a week to see what happens!  I doubt that the producers will let that chance go begging, as it's pure TV gold.
2405	TheDrownedMan	2012-05-14	When Jorah was talking to Qaithe, could it be we saw Euron "Crow's Eye" Greyjoy lying there? It would make sense since he went to the ruins of Valyria. It would also explain how he knew about the dragons and Dany. What do you guys think about this? Is it truly him?
2406	Arkash	2012-05-14	That would be fun, really !
2407	Laohu	2012-05-14	Very interesting theory! It would fit in nicely with the show's timeline. At this point though, we do not even know how D&D are going to handle Theon's uncles. They have not been mentioned in any of the episodes as far as I can tell. It would be quite a lengthy reference considering we will not be introduced to him until next year at the earliest. Still, we can dream!
2408	unRobert	2012-05-14	Very interesting theory! It would fit in nicely with the show's timeline. At this point though, we do not even know how D&D are going to handle Theon's uncles. They have not been mentioned in any of the episodes as far as I can tell. It would be quite a lengthy reference considering we will not be introduced to him until next year at the earliest. Still, we can dream!Can't believe I can recall so much from the show. But Tyrion does mention Theon's uncles in that insulting chat he has with him at Winterfell on his way back from the wall. (Episode 4 S1 I believe). Something about his uncles burning the fleet in Lannisport...
2409	Faraday	2012-05-14	He'd fit in with the other boring characters there! [/halfjoking]
I don't really see why he would be - it's something the tv show is unlikely to be foreshadowing this early? It'd be kind of cool, and I don't see why it'd be impossible. I don't actually remember the scene though so I guess 'eh, maybe but unlikely' would be my take.
2410	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-05-14	It's him or Gerion Lannister.  Because of the dark hair, I'm going with Crow's Eye.
2411	The Smiling Eye	2012-05-14	If it is then I assume he looks like how he is in my avatar? I figured they'd cast him with long hair...
2412	WITCHKING	2012-05-15	I tthought it was the Goat...
2413	White Harbors Wrath	2012-05-15	It was Shireen.
2414	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	she did say past Valyria, but you never know
2415	Arkash	2012-05-15	I thought it was Fat Walda but my eyes might have mistake me ! =D
2416	WITCHKING	2012-05-15	It was Shireen.So funny.You are loosing yor future here...
2417	Bambi	2012-05-15	Qarth trades with the free cities alot by ships, that guy with the "tattoo-talisman" could be any sailor.
2418	WITCHKING	2012-05-15	Did't that man has a helm shaped as a goat's head?
2419	Tourniquet	2012-05-15	Can anyone get a screen shot. Maybe seeing the tattoo's that he had would help...Also possibly seeing an eyepath from behind?
2420	It is known.	2012-05-15	I recorded it last night, so I checked it just there.  I paused on the bit where it shows you the man, I can't see an eyepatch, just (rather shiny and clean looking) black hair.  As far as I can tell the tattoos don't seem to mean anything either, just 'mystic' looking lines and symbols /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> 
I like the idea that it could be Euron, maybe it's just a nod to book readers so we can go "Ah it might be Euron" and it leaves them free to cast him later as it doesn't show his face /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2421	victim	2012-05-15	I think it's just an easter egg. Adding a little depth to the world rather than depth of a future character.
2422	Jon Dragonskin	2012-05-15	Did't that man has a helm shaped as a goat's head?It's not a helmet, it's just a bloody goat skull (or is that paint?) that she was using to paint the man...
					
					
							Edited by Jon Dragonskin, 15 May 2012 - 05:02 PM.
2423	flinky	2012-05-15	Euron does show up at Pyke with casks of Shade of the evening that he took from a boat leaving Qarth. There are 4 warlocks that he talks to and he kills one that threatens him. He doesn't say what they told him, it may have been about Daenerys because he then tells Victorian to sail to Slaver's Bay and bring her back. 
So if he does make an initial appearance before the kings moot it would probably be him killing Pree next season.
2424	The late lady stark	2012-04-18	Actor who plays Jaime says his best scene of his acting career is in this episode. Why do you think that is?
2425	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-27	Hopefully it's his escape and then his conversation with Cat. But I suspect just the latter
2426	TheEvilKing	2012-04-27	It's the scene where he meets a distant relative. I can't say any more.
2427	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-27	Either the escape attempt or it will be some action scene with Brienne.
2428	Aegnor	2012-04-27	So we know that Theon's killing of "Bran and Rickon" takes place in this episode. What I'm hoping happens is that the hunt for Bran and Rickon takes place early in the episode, and that Cat gets the raven letting her know that Bran and Rickon have been "killed". I really think that it is important that it remains her motivation. Releasing Jamie against Robb's orders is treason. The only thing that mitigates it is that she just found out about Bran and Rickon (not just in Robb's eyes, but in the audience's as well).
Messing with this motivation for such a monumental act, would drastically change her character for the worse. Can you ever imagine her releasing Jamie, against Robb's orders, under anything other than such extreme circumstances?
2429	Crown	2012-04-27	So we know that Theon's killing of "Bran and Rickon" takes place in this episode. What I'm hoping happens is that the hunt for Bran and Rickon takes place early in the episode, and that Cat gets the raven letting her know that Bran and Rickon have been "killed". I really think that it is important that it remains her motivation. Releasing Jamie against Robb's orders is treason. The only thing that mitigates it is that she just found out about Bran and Rickon (not just in Robb's eyes, but in the audience's as well).Messing with this motivation for such a monumental act, would drastically change her character for the worse. Can you ever imagine her releasing Jamie, against Robb's orders, under anything other than such extreme circumstances?I agree, the timing is important.
2430	Faceless Sam	2012-04-28	Either the escape attempt or it will be some action scene with Brienne.why would he call an action scene the best scene of his career?it can really only be one thing and that's his conversation with cat.a flashback to him stopping the mad king from burning down king's landing is a distant possibility, but i think if they were going to show this they would have set it up with a flashback of ned finding him on the iron throne, dead aeris lying at his feet.
					
					
							Edited by Faceless Sam, 28 April 2012 - 08:33 AM.
2431	TKO	2012-04-29	i always thought they should have multiple flash backs along jamies road to redempttion, eg. Aerys killing Neds dad and brother, abusing his wife, exiling Jon Connington, and ending with him killing Aerys. ithink the watching and waiting aspect would be pretty sick, and it would explain his motives.
2432	TheEvilKing	2012-04-29	Guys it's his meeting Jeyne Hill, bastard daughter of Gerion Lannister by way of a Volantene whore.
					
					
							Edited by TheEvilKing, 29 April 2012 - 07:34 AM.
2433	Pellaeon	2012-04-29	Guys it's his meeting Jeyne Hill, bastard daughter of Gerion Lannister by way of a Volantene whore.Do you know that for sure?
					
					
							Edited by Pellaeon, 29 April 2012 - 07:37 AM.
2434	TheEvilKing	2012-04-29	Do you know that for sure?Nay. I simply deduced it, with my mind, and my thoughts.Here is the episode summary:Jaime meets a distant relative; Dany receives an invitation to the House of the Undying; Theon leads a search party; Jon loses his way in the wilderness; Cersei counsels Sansa.It's important enough to be mentioned in the summary so I doubt it's just Alton Lannister. So it's someone else. Who else could it be? Jeyne is the only answer that makes sense.Jeyne lives in Lannisport and is a Lannister nurse. We know she has been cast as "Jeyne", therefore we know that she lied about her name to Robb. Why? Because she has something to hide.In the novels, the Westerlings are bannermen of House Lannister and there are some very subtle hints that the whole Jeyne/Robb love affair may have been concocted by Sybell Spicer and Tywin Lannister to turn the Freys against the Starks. Making her a Lannister bastard in the show simplifies this.Maybe Jaime persuades her to seduce Robb, but somewhere along the way she falls in love with him? Nice and simple plot to follow and will cause some lovely drama. Also, the Red Wedding will likely end season 3. Jeyne has been introduced very early. Why, if all they're going to do is have her hook up with Robb and then do very little for 10+ episodes? The Lannister bastard plotline complicates things and gives Robb Stark stuff to do before he dies.
					
					
							Edited by TheEvilKing, 29 April 2012 - 09:04 AM.
2435	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-29	Since when is oneâ<U+0080><U+0099>s first cousin considered a distant relative?
2436	iheartseverus	2012-04-29	Since when is oneâ<U+0080><U+0099>s first cousin considered a distant relative?haha, I guess if you're a Lannister, it applies!As to NCW's best scene of his career, I don't think it'll really have anything to do with what we think is his best or most important scene, but what he considers his best acting performance, could be in any random scene whatever.  I believe he was simply talking about his craft, not the significance of the scene.
2437	Arkash	2012-04-29	I agree to, I took it as a scene he loved playing, where he's at his best, not necessarily one hell of a scene.
2438	Davos55	2012-04-29	I really hope the show does flashbacks at some point. The history and intrigue of the past is such a big part in the novels, and that hasn't really come across onscreen so far, and flashbacks would be a great way to flesh out some amazing stories. Particularly Jamie and the Mad King would be truly great.
As far as this episode, I am guessing it is going to be a Jaime focused episode (which is awesome!) and it will include his escape attempt, and a great conversation with Brienne and Cat.  I still think his "relative" is Alton Lannister.
2439	TheEvilKing	2012-04-30	Since when is oneâ<U+0080><U+0099>s first cousin considered a distant relative?"Distant" because she's from Volantis. Or simply because Jaime doesn't know her. Or she may not be his first cousin but is related in some way.Mayhaps you have a better suggestion?
					
					
							Edited by TheEvilKing, 30 April 2012 - 04:39 AM.
2440	TheEvilKing	2012-05-01	NEW THEORYThe distant relative is Reginald Lannister, Lord Tywin's cousin, who is captured by Robb Stark.CRACKPOT VERSIONJeyne is his daughter.
2441	Arkash	2012-05-03	This scene is most likely the dialogue with Cat...
2442	TheEvilKing	2012-05-04	This scene is most likely the dialogue with Cat...Most likely but I will argue with this just in case I'm right. In which case I'll parade it in your faces.
2443	Arkash	2012-05-04	And that will be fairplay! =D
It's either that or the escape attempt scene...
2444	scurvy	2012-05-05	I agree it would be awesome if it's the scene with King Aerys yelling burn them all and Jaime being conflicted but earning his nickname. But, they haven't cast Aerys (although that would be a great secret).
But, in most reality it is Jaime's drunken parlay with Cat.  He has to play both an asshole, a drunk, and a character with whom you have to feel sympathy for- he saved the realm but earned the worst reputation for it.
2445	Arkash	2012-05-05	Yes, that is what I was thinking too, this dialogue much be so much pleasure for an actor, you said it perfectly:He has to play both an asshole, a drunk, and a character with whom you have to feel sympathy for- he saved the realm but earned the worst reputation for it.
2446	gramblor	2012-05-07	In the preview for episode 7, they show Jaime talking with Alton Lannister, so maaaaaayyyyybbbeeee that could be the distant relative. It will be interesting to see if it in fact does turn out to be Talisa/Jeyne. If it is Talisa/Jeyne, it removes all possibility that she could have escaped with the blackfish or that she is pregnant with Robb's child
2447	Crown	2012-05-07	I think we need a pre-airing discussion thread for episode 7.
2448	Arkash	2012-05-07	I agree.
2449	Sirielle	2012-05-07	The show creators said somewhere they are not going to show anty flashbacks. Pity.
2450	ckal	2012-05-07	Most likely but I will argue with this just in case I'm right. In which case I'll parade it in your faces.While I'm sure they will need to have another chat before Cat releases him, they already had this scene in Season 1.
2451	BabyMeraxes	2012-05-07	It's probably him and Cat, which I'm not even sad about because Fairly is killing her shit this season. 
HOWEVER, a flashback with Aerys and his gnarled old finger nails, is the stuff of dreams. Could you even imagine if we got a scene with Ned's dad (Rickon?) roasting in his armor?
2452	BabyMeraxes	2012-05-07	The show creators said somewhere they are not going to show anty flashbacks. Pity.That's the worst thing I've heard in weeks.
2453	Sphinx The Riddle	2012-05-07	That's the worst thing I've heard in weeks.dont forget people were saying just a week ago that no ramsay was in sight...
2454	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-07	The show creators said somewhere they are not going to show any flashbacks. Pity.I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t see that that would preclude Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s visions in the House of the Undying.  Theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re not really flashbacks, per se.
2455	Sirielle	2012-05-08	I have no idea what they're going to do in Dany's visions case, but so far we haven't seen Bran's visions, either. Though I don't remember when this particular one with the Heart of Winter and ice cold Jon happens, maybe further in the books. What D&D said related more to flashbacks from the past like Lyanna dying, Robert's rebellion etc., not visions. I would love to see all the flashbacks - both from history and from visions, but I'm afraid they're not going to show much out of budget reasons. In I season DVD/Blu-ray extras we've got animated history, perhaps that's all for the past events. (And those are great, check them if you haven't seen them yet!) Other thing is I do not remember the exact words of D&D nor where I've red/heard them, so maybe they related to the I season only. I'll try to find that interview.
					
					
							Edited by Sirielle, 08 May 2012 - 04:13 AM.
2456	Arkash	2012-05-08	It is a good thing there are no flashbacks, they dont belong to the atmosphere of the show, they'd be too cheesy.
2457	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-08	Eh, depends. I'd love to see S3 open with the flashback of a seventeen-year-old Jaime murdering the pyromancers, taking out this insane fucking lunatic with three-foot long nails in the throne room, and sitting upon the Iron Throne, violently waking up on the boat when Ned Stark rides in. Would set the scene brilliantly for what's to come.
2458	Arkash	2012-05-08	Eh, depends. I'd love to see S3 open with the flashback of a seventeen-year-old Jaime murdering the pyromancers, taking out this insane fucking lunatic with three-foot long nails in the throne room, and sitting upon the Iron Throne, violently waking up on the boat when Ned Stark rides in. Would set the scene brilliantly for what's to come.If well done it might work this way, but only as a season intro, or an episode intro....
2459	Spidey	2012-05-08	While I'm sure they will need to have another chat before Cat releases him, they already had this scene in Season 1.Half of it
2460	Magjee	2012-05-08	Aery's fashbacks.
2461	Khal Yolo	2012-05-09	I would bet that Bran and Rickon are "murdered", and Cat releases Jaime escorted by Brienne.  NCW is one of their best actors, and he's been in, what, 1 scene this season?  I notice they have been mixing plot lines to allow for more airtime for everyone (eg Arya and Tywin, Roose and Robb, Littlefinger and Tyrells, Tywin).
2462	redriver	2012-05-09	The flashback scenes of Aerys killing Rickard were shot though they seem to have Sean Bean playing Brandon.
I think they considered using them in S1 but abandoned the idea.There is a screenshot of Ned with ropes around his neck whilst the Mad King looks on round here somewhere.
2463	Aegnor	2012-05-09	The flashback scenes of Aerys killing Rickard were shot though they seem to have Sean Bean playing Brandon.I think they considered using them in S1 but abandoned the idea.There is a screenshot of Ned with ropes around his neck whilst the Mad King looks on round here somewhere.I remember this picture, but I do not believe that was Sean Bean.
2464	Crown	2012-05-09	It would be really awesome if they show these flashbacks.
2465	BabyMeraxes	2012-05-09	WHERE ARE THESE PICTURES?
2466	waste	2012-05-09	WHERE ARE THESE PICTURES?I concur. Is there still a link?
2467	ripps	2012-05-09	http://www.google.co...320&bih=356#i=2
Here they are /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />. Note finger nails in background
2468	BabyMeraxes	2012-05-09	'TIS A DEAD LINK. 'Tis necromancy...
Edit: Nevermind, found it. Those are rope bundles, not fingernails. but, still: AHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!
					
					
							Edited by BabyMeraxes, 09 May 2012 - 01:56 PM.
2469	ripps	2012-05-09	Ahh, they looked like nails on my phone lol
2470	iheartseverus	2012-05-09	CAN SOMEONE POST A LIVE LINK?	  (hee, everybody else is yelling, so I figured I would, too!)THANKS!
2471	BabyMeraxes	2012-05-09	Google image search: Brandon Stark Aerys.
					
					
							Edited by BabyMeraxes, 09 May 2012 - 02:07 PM.
2472	waste	2012-05-09	Is it me or the blurred guy sitting on the iron throne (most likely Aerys) definitely looks like a Twi'lek? /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />
2473	Aegnor	2012-05-09	I first saw the picture about a year ago. It is definitely not from anything shot for season 2. I mean, I guess they could use the scene in season 2. Maybe they decided to cut it from season 1 and move it to season 2 or season 3.
2474	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-09	http://media.tumblr....6s6d1qci6yk.jpg - for those asking for a link,Mother of dragons, if they show that scene in the House of the Undying I will be a very. very happy chappy. Will also help build a bit of sympathy for Jaime going into season 3 when he magically becomes everybody's favourite character.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Ashford, 09 May 2012 - 05:02 PM.
2475	iheartseverus	2012-05-09	http://media.tumblr....6s6d1qci6yk.jpg - for those asking for a link,Mother of dragons, if they show that scene in the House of the Undying I will be a very. very happy chappy. Will also help build a bit of sympathy for Jaime going into season 3 when he magically becomes everybody's favourite character.Refresh me, how will the HOTU help build sympathy for Jaime?
2476	The Monkey	2012-05-09	I had no idea they had filmed the Mad King flashback. The reason they didn't include it in the season 1 extras on DVD was probably because they plan to include it later, possibly in this next episode.
The Sopranos did something similar, with the scene of Chris telling Tony that Adrianna was an FBI informant, which was omitted from the actual episode but included in a flashback one or two seasons later.
2477	Sun	2012-05-10	It's his monologue to Catelyn about killing Aerys and the meaning of honor â<U+0080><U+009C>Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve never lain with any woman but Cersei. In my own way, I have been truer than your Ned ever was. Poor old dead Ned. So who has shit for honor now, I ask you?â<U+0080><U+009D>
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 10 May 2012 - 06:08 AM.
2478	Lany Cassandra	2012-05-10	This scene is most likely the dialogue with Cat...I agree with this.  I couldn't always understand what was said in the interview, but he commented that being a prisoner all he had was his words and he liked that (not having any props or even body language and having to convey everything with just his voice is how I took it).  If that is correct, then his scene with Cat would certainly qualify.  He's a prisoner, just not broken, still arogant and difiant and strong willed
2479	WhiteWalder	2012-05-10	It's his monologue to Catelyn about killing Aerys and the meaning of honor â<U+0080><U+009C>Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve never lain with any woman but Cersei. In my own way, I have been truer than your Ned ever was. Poor old dead Ned. So who has shit for honor now, I ask you?â<U+0080><U+009D>Has to be this scene.  Even from the title, you woud think this scene defines the whole episode and will have a long one shot monologue from Jamie.
2480	DirtyRobes	2012-05-10	http://media.tumblr....6s6d1qci6yk.jpg - for those asking for a link,Thanks for the link!Wow I really hope this scene is in the HotU, an acual scene with Arey's killing the Starks would be incredible to see!
2481	Versiroth	2012-05-10	http://media.tumblr....6s6d1qci6yk.jpg - for those asking for a link,Mother of dragons, if they show that scene in the House of the Undying I will be a very. very happy chappy. Will also help build a bit of sympathy for Jaime going into season 3 when he magically becomes everybody's favourite character.Haha, I actually always hated that GRRM seemed to be trying to turn Jaime into a grey hero.   I honestly still dislike him and wouldn't mind at all if Brienne was leading him to his doom at the end of ADWD.   Though I very series doubt that he will meet his doom at all.
2482	Valkyrja	2012-05-10	The show creators said somewhere they are not going to show anty flashbacks. Pity.Noooooooo! How can this be?? /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> Seriously though, the back story to ASoIaF is just as interesting as the main storyline, if not moreso....
2483	Arkash	2012-05-10	Yes, but flashbacks would be too cheesy and do not fit the atmosphere of the show !
2484	Reposado	2012-05-10	Noooooooo! How can this be?? /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />Seriously though, the back story to ASoIaF is just as interesting as the main storyline, if not moreso....it's just too tough to do it. they'd have to cast roles for what a 5-min sequence. even then, it would be impossible to communicate to the audience who each character was without really ragging it out with unrealistic dialogueif theres anything important about the past that needs to be told, monologue is much more likely
2485	Valkyrja	2012-05-10	Well, as long as they can manage to get the ideas of the flashbacks across somehow, that's ok. Though preferably without using sexposition....
But I do think it is sad that this might mean they won't do the dreams either.... /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
2486	StarkWard	2012-05-10	They've done a dream sequence before (Bran's), and it fit well with the show's mood. Here's to seeing more prophetic dreams!
2487	Qwop22	2012-05-12	If I had to guess, it's going to be his escape attempt, but in the preview it looked as it Brienne was there; and that would mean it's going to be his release by Cat. Either way, I am sure he is going to do some killing or something. Cant Wait!
2488	Zod	2012-05-13	If I had to guess, it's going to be his escape attempt, but in the preview it looked as it Brienne was there; and that would mean it's going to be his release by Cat. Either way, I am sure he is going to do some killing or something. Cant Wait!It might be the escape attempt, followed by his immediate release! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
2489	Morrigan	2012-05-13	Yes, but flashbacks would be too cheesy and do not fit the atmosphere of the show !Totally. Unlike, say, Robb and Talisa's Hollywood romance, prostitute boobs and Amory Lorch's slapstick death scene. Those totally fit, but god forbid the non-readers get to learn more about the fantastic lore, world-building, mythology and historical events that shaped Westeros. I mean, there aren't any tits or swearing in these flashbacks, poor HBO needs some material to work with at least...
2490	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-13	Totally. Unlike, say, Robb and Talisa's Hollywood romance, prostitute boobs and Amory Lorch's slapstick death scene. What â<U+0080><U+009C>slapstick death sceneâ<U+0080><U+009D>?!  Where in the world did that come from? I saw no such thing, and Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve watched the episode three times now. You laughed when Lorch was murdered?  Seriously?!Now thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s really scary.
2491	Crown	2012-05-13	What â<U+0080><U+009C>slapstick death sceneâ<U+0080><U+009D>?!  Where in the world did that come from? I saw no such thing, and Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve watched the episode three times now. You laughed when Lorch was murdered?  Seriously?!Now thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s really scary.I laughed.
2492	protar	2012-05-13	What â<U+0080><U+009C>slapstick death sceneâ<U+0080><U+009D>?!  Where in the world did that come from? I saw no such thing, and Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve watched the episode three times now. You laughed when Lorch was murdered?  Seriously?!Now thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s really scary. You didn't laugh?Then again I laugh at some pretty inappropriate times epsecially in films/TV. But really, I thought that scene was deliberately done comically.
2493	iheartseverus	2012-05-13	I laughed, not because I thought it was slapstick, but because it was just so effortlessl cool on Jaqen's part.  /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
2494	Valkyrja	2012-05-13	Totally. Unlike, say, Robb and Talisa's Hollywood romance, prostitute boobs and Amory Lorch's slapstick death scene. Those totally fit, but god forbid the non-readers get to learn more about the fantastic lore, world-building, mythology and historical events that shaped Westeros. I mean, there aren't any tits or swearing in these flashbacks, poor HBO needs some material to work with at least... /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />It is known.
2495	Tyrionthebest	2012-05-13	Totally. Unlike, say, Robb and Talisa's Hollywood romance, prostitute boobs and Amory Lorch's slapstick death scene. Those totally fit, but god forbid the non-readers get to learn more about the fantastic lore, world-building, mythology and historical events that shaped Westeros. I mean, there aren't any tits or swearing in these flashbacks, poor HBO needs some material to work with at least...I really don't like your sarcastic post . You sound like you are some butthurt book fanboy who can't seem to enjoy anything that is out of your imagination of the books .
					
					
							Edited by Tyrionthebest, 13 May 2012 - 03:00 PM.
2496	Morrigan	2012-05-13	What â<U+0080><U+009C>slapstick death sceneâ<U+0080><U+009D>?!  Where in the world did that come from? I saw no such thing, and Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve watched the episode three times now. You laughed when Lorch was murdered?  Seriously?!Now thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s really scary.Who in the hell didn't laugh? It was meant to be comical (I personally thought it was goofy). Seriously, the guy opens the door and then suddenly drops dead, cartoon-style. I really don't like your sarcastic post . You sound like you are some butthurt book fanboy who can't seem to enjoy anything that is out of your imagination of the books .Right, which is why I praised invented scenes like Theon's rant to Balon, ser Rodrik's execution, etc. plenty of times. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
2497	Yoren the Boysnatcher	2012-05-13	Who in the hell didn't laugh? It was meant to be comical (I personally thought it was goofy). Seriously, the guy opens the door and then suddenly drops dead, cartoon-style.100% agree, this is one of the funniest scenes in the entire series and a great change/addition by the writers.  Tyrion can't always be the only source of humor.
2498	victim	2012-05-13	All I'll say is it was a damn good scene. Especially with all that talk of Barristan Selmy which is really opening it up for him being introduced to Dany at the end of the season; even if she has no clue who he is, we will.
2499	Harle The Handsome	2012-05-13	What â<U+0080><U+009C>slapstick death sceneâ<U+0080><U+009D>?!  Where in the world did that come from? I saw no such thing, and Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve watched the episode three times now. You laughed when Lorch was murdered? Seriously?!Now thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s really scary.To me it was more of an embarrassed cringe.  Followed by  "Really?!?"
2500	strifed169	2012-05-14	His actions against his cousin were a bit extreme even for his character imo, I honestly wasn't expecting he would kill him after Cleos told him how much he admired him, but damn I guess he is just that cold blooded lol
2501	akajea	2012-05-14	I loved and hated the scene. It was awesome to watch, but thinking about its implications on Jaime's character and story makes me sad.Well actually maybe it isn't so bad. I don't know. Is it so out of character? My first reaction was "KINSLAYING!?", but maybe it is something he could have done. I don't know his character well enough, so I'll reserve judgement till I've reread.Oh and it was well done by NCW.
					
					
							Edited by akajea, 14 May 2012 - 01:31 AM.
2502	Marcus Cicero	2012-05-14	I loved and hated the scene. It was awesome to watch, but thinking about its implications on Jaime's character and story makes me sad.Well actually maybe it isn't so bad. I don't know. Is it so out of character? My first reaction was "KINSLAYING!?", but maybe it is something he could have done. I don't know his character well enough, so I'll reserve judgement till I've reread.Oh and it was well done by NCW.I see it this way: if Jaime thinks that killing a barely known cousin will get him back to Cersei, he'll do it.
2503	Frumpus	2012-05-14	What â<U+0080><U+009C>slapstick death sceneâ<U+0080><U+009D>?!  Where in the world did that come from? I saw no such thing, and Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve watched the episode three times now. You laughed when Lorch was murdered?  Seriously?!Now thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s really scary.Who wouldn't have laughed at that scene? He died in such a comedic way. And it was also a massive letdown since many of us looked forward to seeing him being eaten by bears.
2504	aimlessgun	2012-05-14	I wasn't hugely troubled with Jaime killing 'Alton', but I do admit it makes him a bit more of a sociopath than he was in the books, esp. since it seems he didn't have a legitimate chance to escape. 
I'm getting my head around it by thinking of Alton as someone who is a 'cousin' but so tenuously related that he basically isn't family, a point that the conversation did make quite strongly. 
Anyways, 95% of Jaime in this EP was awesome. I laughed out loud at Cat's "and gag him" and at his comments to Brienne.
2505	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-05-14	Jaime's one cold bastard.
2506	Morrigan	2012-05-14	To me it was more of an embarrassed cringe.  Followed by  "Really?!?"Well, yes, I agree, but I was saying it was intended to be comedic.Regarding tonight's scene, I thought it was great. A bit of a plot hole though, in that Alton didn't need to die for Jaime's escape plan to work... but he's certainly not above murder for self-preservation, so I don't get the "out of character" complaints.
2507	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-14	Alton didn't need to die for Jaime's escape plan to workSeriously this. The kid would blatantly have done anything for him; would "I'm going to smash this rock against the chains. Lie down and pretend to be dead" have been too hard to make work? /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
2508	Independent George	2012-05-14	I'm not a purist by any stretch, but Jaime's murder scene seems to be a fundamental misreading of his character. Jaime is impulsive and has done some horrible things in his life, but still adheres to his own sort of code, even if nobody else around him sees it. He would have killed his cousin for Cersei's sake, but not his own - especially after their reminisce, when Alton reminds him of what it felt like to be admired. It was a brilliant scene right up until that point; NCW is phenomenal at conveying Jaime's internal conflicts. But the murder completely destroys it all.
Jaime constantly compares himself to the likes of Arthur Dayne and Barristan Selmy, and finds himself wanting. Why would he murder a comparative innocent right after remembering what it was like to serve Barristan, and all the hopes and dreams he had for his own life?
It's completely out of character. I don't like to nitpick minor plot angles, but the character suffers tremendously for it.
					
					
							Edited by Independent George, 14 May 2012 - 06:42 AM.
2509	Howdyphillip	2012-05-14	This is the second week in a row where I just had to scratch my head and wonder about character decisions. Last week was Osha quietly getting out of bed to not wake up Theon and then killing gaurds. Why didn't she just kill Theon?
This week, I saw absolutely no purpose in Jaime becoming a kinslayer. They could have worked together just as easily to escape, and then Jaime would have had a better chance to escape as there would be two people fighting. I found this to be bad writing.
2510	Reposado	2012-05-14	This week, I saw absolutely no purpose in Jaime becoming a kinslayer. They could have worked together just as easily to escape, and then Jaime would have had a better chance to escape as there would be two people fighting. I found this to be bad writing.hm, i think this is the fundamental flaw of the showrunners. They are really good at writing scenes. the jaime scene we are talking about, the scene where jon gets captured at the end of this episode. the scene where osha escapes. great stuff.not so good at realizing the implications of those scenes or keeping the characters consistent to get to the scene that they wantbut the scene in question. so fantastic. one of my favorite in the series.
					
					
							Edited by BaelorBreakspear, 14 May 2012 - 08:54 AM.
2511	Independent George	2012-05-14	I'm getting my head around it by thinking of Alton as someone who is a 'cousin' but so tenuously related that he basically isn't family, a point that the conversation did make quite strongly.But even being kin is less relevant than the fact that Alton idolizes him as Tyrion still does, and as he once idolized Barristan Selmy. It's the one connection he has to the knight he once was, and once hoped to be. If anything, it would shame him; right up until the moment he picked up that rock, it would have been the perfect lead-in to Jaime's conversation with Catelyn.It's frustrating because it came so close to being perfect, and then not only failed, but completely reversed direction at the last minute. The whole conversation between Jaime & Alton, Jaime and Catelyn, Catelyn and Brienne, the dynamics of the camp... they got so many things right that I can't imagine they didn't understand what they were doing. They just couldn't resist the temptation to sex it up.I understand why NCW loves this scene - he did a phenomenal job with it. So did the guy playing Alton. It's just... the writers failed him.
					
					
							Edited by Independent George, 14 May 2012 - 08:31 AM.
2512	Reposado	2012-05-14	... they got so many things right that I can't imagine they didn't understand what they were doing. They just couldn't resist the temptation to sex it up.this is the entire show in nutshell
2513	kkae	2012-05-14	Have you guys seen HBO's Inside the episode 7?
It seems that the producers view Jaime as some kind of monster / famous killer.
I think that is not accurate otherwise that scene with Alton was great.
2514	Tourniquet	2012-05-14	My g/f (hasn't read the series) loved and understood the scene. It seemed no more out of place then when he threw Bran out the window. The show-runners aren't writing for readers unfortunately. This was well in-line with his character from what has been shown so far...unfortunate. It will make his redemption that much more difficult.
					
					
							Edited by Tourniquet, 14 May 2012 - 10:47 AM.
2515	Fragile Bird	2012-05-14	I just want to agree - I loved the scene, it was chilling, but Jaime is not a kinslayer.  It is so far away from what he is.  He would never kill a Lannister family member.
Do HBO know (I mean, they do know after all) that Jaime is in fact the Valonqar, and have pre-set the idea that Jaime would murder a family member?
2516	David Selig	2012-05-14	Does the killing of distant cousins even count as kinslaying? All cases of people being called "Kinslayer" in the books have been for murderers of close kin (siblings, half-siblings, parents) IIRC. Rickard Karstark tried to claim Rbb would commit kinslaying if he executed him, but nobody bought it.
2517	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-14	Forgot about this thread, was just ranting about it over in 'nitpicking'.
I would count it as "kinslaying". To paraphrase Tywin last season, Alton may have been a lesser Lannister but he's still one of them.
Alton could have "played dead" and then helped Jaime fight their way out. Seemed completely unnecessary.
Jaime has become perhaps my favourite character in the books. Don't want to see them completely change his character.
2518	Stanmore	2012-05-14	I found the whole Alton killing to be completely unnecessary. The preceding conversation would have been a good character building moment, but then they threw it all away for a shock twist. Not even a very effective one considering how sign posted it was. â<U+0080><U+009C>I couldn't have done it till you arrived. Come closer....â<U+0080><U+009D> Gee I wonder what's gonna happen next...
Besides that It didn't even make any sense. The two of them could have easily colluded on an escape attempt, and even if Jaime felt he had to beat him to make it look authentic there's no reason it had to be to the death. That's ignoring that fact that he had no chance in hell of escaping the camp in the first place.
I'm starting to wonder how much of the books the show runners have actually read. I won't pretend Jaime was ever a saint, but adding in a pointless killing like this really messes with his long term character arc.
2519	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-14	I'm starting to wonder how much of the books the show runners have actually read. I won't pretend Jaime was ever a saint, but adding in a pointless killing like this really messes with his long term character arc.I know, right? The killing of the Mad King was the one big dilemma of his life and once we hear it from Jaime's perspective we gain a lot of sympathy for the guy (well I did anyway).The botched attack on Eddard was a sign of his vanity and naivety. I felt they worked a good dialogue out of that scene with Jaime and Tywin. The elder Lannister pointing out that, in his youth, Jaime is far too concerned what people think about him.He grows from this of course. But now Jaime has the crime of murdering a cousin on his charge sheet? Now I'm sure he's done lots of questionable things in his time as a Lannister commander but kinslaying is surely a step too far? This extra crime may just make his eventual "redemption" a little harder to admire.
2520	DemiNymph	2012-05-14	Love the scene. All in all, I don't think Jamie murdering his cousin is a huge stretch away from what we know of his character. He did push a young kid down a tower to kill him, you know. He is just simply a warrior and he does not know how to use different ways to accomplish any task other than to kill. It's his only way of solving problems.
2521	Maggie the Cat	2012-05-14	I have to disagree with the general consensus here.  I've read the books and i seriously couldn't find ANY redemption in Jaime until his journey with Bree.  I find his actions in this episode completely in keeping with my impression until said time spent with Bree, which i believe is actually in ASoS.  Keep in mind that having read the books through to aDwD we now know much more about Jaime and his character and motivations.  But at this point in aCoK we didn't.  Sometimes it's hard to reconcile that.
2522	Lord Martin	2012-05-14	This wasn't the best scene he's ever been in.  The best was his scene in season one with Charles Dance skinning the buck and lecturing him on legacies.
I was not a fan of this scene.  On my re-read of Jaime I've come around on him.  He's still very much a confused young man, not a homicidal maniac.  This just seemed way out of character for me.
Perhaps HBO is trying make his transformation all the more significant?
2523	turdle	2012-05-14	i don't even think the jaime/alton scene was the best jaime scene in this episode. jaime/cat was fucking awesome.  maybe that's the scene he was talking about.
2524	kkae	2012-05-14	i don't even think the jaime/alton scene was the best jaime scene in this episode. jaime/cat was fucking awesome.  maybe that's the scene he was talking about.That scene felt weird somehow before Jaime started talking about Ned.I think it was paced poorly and Cat was just saying "You have no honor/You have forsaken..."Dunno, felt weird.
2525	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-14	i don't even think the jaime/alton scene was the best jaime scene in this episode. jaime/cat was fucking awesome.  maybe that's the scene he was talking about.Agreed. A nice little exploration of his own thoughts and motivations. Like the Hound, we start to see how Jaime sees through bullshit notions of chivalry and honour. I particularly loved this little back and forth:Jaime: What was the name of that bastard he fathered?Cat: Brienne.Jaime: No, that wasn't it...Comedy gold.
2526	King Rickon	2012-05-14	I really liked Jamie killing Alton.  It was unexpected, great drama and illustrated that even a Jamie in chains is a Jamie to be feared.  There's been very little in the tv show to tell us what a warrior he is.  Here, we've seen it.  And while it seems self-serving for Jamie to kill his cousin to escape, it's really key to the war effort.  First of all, he realizes that so long as the Starks hold him, that his family will have to tread carefully in hopes of getting him back alive.  Also, Jamie is one of the best warriors in the realm so he knows how important it would be to have him doing his job on the battlefield (or defending King Joffrey in these dangerous times].  Plus, it gives us even more reason to be impressed by Jamie's conversion to being a likeable guy later on.
2527	Faraday	2012-05-14	Yeah, Jaime killing Alton was fairly terrible - I agree it was out of character. Mostly, I hated it because he didn't need to kill him to escape, in the first place. Beating the shit out of him would have done the same job, right? The guard comes in and sees him knocked out. It's the same end result. I know Jaime's impulsive but this seems to strain credulity. Apart from that I loved the Alton/Jaime and Cat/Jaime scenes, definitely my favourite parts of the episode. Episode title was quite fitting.Edit: if you want to show him as a dangerous warrior then add a little more to the escape where he takes down another guard and kills him. Simple. The kinslaying wasn't needed.
					
					
							Edited by Faraday, 14 May 2012 - 01:20 PM.
2528	Stanmore	2012-05-14	I really liked Jamie killing Alton.  It was unexpected, great drama and illustrated that even a Jamie in chains is a Jamie to be feared.  There's been very little in the tv show to tell us what a warrior he is.  Here, we've seen it.  And while it seems self-serving for Jamie to kill his cousin to escape, it's really key to the war effort.  First of all, he realizes that so long as the Starks hold him, that his family will have to tread carefully in hopes of getting him back alive.  Also, Jamie is one of the best warriors in the realm so he knows how important it would be to have him doing his job on the battlefield (or defending King Joffrey in these dangerous times].  Plus, it gives us even more reason to be impressed by Jamie's conversion to being a likeable guy later on.It was only unexpected because it was totally unnecessary to go that far. I thought he was going to call him over then start a fight, I didn't think he was going to beat him to death. I mean what was the point?Also I'm not sure how suddenly attacking a boy who worships you mid conversation and then pummelling him while he's down really shows off his skill as a warriorIt might have made for excellent drama if Jaime had been replaced with Hannibal Lector, but from his POV chapters we know that that's not who he is. Though I guess the show runners disagree on that.
2529	turdle	2012-05-14	Yeah, Jaime killing Alton was fairly terrible - I agree it was out of character. Mostly, I hated it because he didn't need to kill him to escape, in the first place. Beating the shit out of him would have done the same job, right? The guard comes in and sees him knocked out. It's the same end result. I know Jaime's impulsive but this seems to strain credulity.or just have alton lay face down twitching, no need to even harm the poor lad.
2530	Ser Giant	2012-05-14	Yeah, it was really absurd having him smash his skull in like some psychopathic crazy person. The kid would have done anything he said, Book Jamie is A LOT smarter than that.
2531	The Monkey	2012-05-14	I agree, it was unnecessary. The boy could have faked his own death instead. But maybe they want to show him Jaime is at an ethical rock-bottom at the moment, which will make his subsequent change in the coming seasons more poignant.
2532	strifed169	2012-05-14	Not only was it unnecessary but now Jaime has a new title, Kinslayer, right? how is this going to help his character development when AFFC comes and his relationship with other family members?
2533	Sxxman	2012-05-14	The killing of Alton Lannister (R.I.P Alton) was really the only deviation from the books that I didn't like, I didn't hate it mind you but it did seem rather unnecessary because he ended up killing Alton for no reason. Maybe it was the writers intention to show that Jaime doesn't think things through or like Squire said that they want him to hit moral rock-bottom. 
 However I don't agree with some of the posters in the nitpick section who have proclaimed "THEY HAVE ABANDONED JAIME'S REDEMPTION!!!" come on guys....  
Anyway I wonder what Catelyn is going to do with the sword because she hasn't heard the news that Bran and Rickon are dead (I don't think) so it doesn't make sense for her to free him yet, especially after he insulted her late husband.  Could she be the one to cut off his hand, it would be a VERY BIG departure from the books and the crackpotiest of crackpot theories.
2534	Ser Giant	2012-05-14	I would like it if Cat cut his hand off, but Jamie and Brienne need to cross swords at some point, so I don't it'll happen.
2535	smallfolktypeperson	2012-05-14	I don't particularly like the writers making Jaime a kinslayer myself, but I never saw Jaime as starting to have what I think of as his Deep Thoughts until he loses his hand...and I want Vargo Hoat or some other thug doing that, not Cat. Perhaps his brutality here will serve to make his time with Brienne more dangerous. I believe in his POVs he looks for openings to kill her after Cat releases him, but perhaps the non-book viewers will have trouble buying into what slippery ground their relationship starts on unless they see him do something like killing a cousin. (hope this makes sense, I haven't posted on a forum in a looong time and am not sure I'm expressing myself clearly!)
2536	Currawong	2012-05-14	Cat knows that if she cuts off Jaime's hand, she would either get her daughters back as dead bodies, or get her daughters minus a hand each.  Her entire hopes of getting her daughters back, whether or not she knows about Rickon and Bran, depends on sending two-handed Jaime back to KL.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 14 May 2012 - 08:18 PM.
2537	eyeheartsansa	2012-05-14	that was maybe the first big change that really had me scratching my head.  But i enjoy being shocked and surprised just as much as I enjoy seeing key scenes from the books.
and such incredible acting.. I thought Jaime was just really, really awesome in this scene.
2538	StarkWard	2012-05-14	Love the scene. All in all, I don't think Jamie murdering his cousin is a huge stretch away from what we know of his character. He did push a young kid down a tower to kill him, you know. He is just simply a warrior and he does not know how to use different ways to accomplish any task other than to kill. It's his only way of solving problems.But he did it for love. All the vile things he's known for, he did not for himself, but for other people. Pushing Bran for Cersei. Stabbing Aerys for the people. He's not known to stretch things for his own sake. At least that part, I thought clear.
2539	StarkWard	2012-05-14	or just have alton lay face down twitching, no need to even harm the poor lad.Mayhaps he needed an outlet, lying in his own shit and all. I'm kidding, of course.
2540	SerRodzilla	2012-05-15	This is the second week in a row where I just had to scratch my head and wonder about character decisions. Last week was Osha quietly getting out of bed to not wake up Theon and then killing gaurds. Why didn't she just kill Theon?This week, I saw absolutely no purpose in Jaime becoming a kinslayer. They could have worked together just as easily to escape, and then Jaime would have had a better chance to escape as there would be two people fighting. I found this to be bad writing.Or Arya eyeing up her Knife then Lord Tywin's throat, then not going to tell Jaqen to kill him? the whole point of the Jaqen thing is she regrets it after they have all left, not that she contemplated it while serving him.
2541	Chalkius Stark	2012-05-15	I didn't mind him murdering his cousin as they were so distantly related it doesn't matter, I mean the guy is meant to be Cleos Frey really, doesn't even have the same name. The issue is that he didn't need to be killed to escape, it was lazy writing.
2542	mediterraneo	2012-05-15	I'm not a purist by any stretch, but Jaime's murder scene seems to be a fundamental misreading of his character.....Why would he murder a comparative innocent right after remembering what it was like to serve Barristan, and all the hopes and dreams he had for his own life? It's completely out of character. I don't like to nitpick minor plot angles, but the character suffers tremendously for it.I found the whole Alton killing to be completely unnecessary. The preceding conversation would have been a good character building moment, but then they threw it all away for a shock twist. Not even a very effective one considering how sign posted it was. â<U+0080><U+009C>I couldn't have done it till you arrived. Come closer....â<U+0080><U+009D> Gee I wonder what's gonna happen next...I'm starting to wonder how much of the books the show runners have actually read. I won't pretend Jaime was ever a saint, but adding in a pointless killing like this really messes with his long term character arc.I completely agree with the surprise above of the person who said: this show had made it so well in so many ways up until now that it is so sad that they started botching things.The worst thing is that Jaime becomes a Kingslayer in a move that needs the stupidity of the Karstark son to work. Why didn't he call a voice before entering the tiger's cage? Because the books said that he had to die. Why did he had the keys on Jaime's chain on his body, too?Why making Jaime a kinslayer?  No, I do not buy the kins-farther-than-it-would-be-convenient-for-me-don't-count theory.Because they are thinking at his arc as a wrestling "turn face" of a "heel". They are not thinking at it as the coherent evolution of an all around character on which we knew too little when we judged him for the first time. This is very sad, as it is gross writing, as gross as giving to the supposed most dangerous knight in the world an escape plan based on kinslaying in the hope the guards will enter his cage with the chains instead of giving the alarm. Why on the earth did Alton have Jaime's chains key on his body?The bad writing of the escape attempt can be survived: a bad scene in a good series can happen. I'm not against any changes for the TV version: some one was brilliant, like the Roberts added scenes in King's Landing. The TV show helped me understand a couple of things on Cersei I wasn't so sure off before.But this kinslayer bodysnatcher that substituted Jaime Lannister in the series makes it "jump the shark" to me. It will have much more very good things, but it definitely stripped from me the idea that they were doing an almost perfect job. This made me doubt that the series writer are thinking at the characters as all around persons and not as etiquettes: physically violent villain, childish delusional sadical, witty sincere dwarf.That thing, having special characters in special situations reparted in all of the sides of the conflicts, is what makes Game of Thrones shine. Not just another fantasy simple story grown too long, but a novel able to stand on his own in this years literature.I hoped that the very different beast the TV show is could stand as high as it, and I'm frustrated in this.
2543	Fragile Bird	2012-05-15	I completely agree with the surprise above of the person who said: this show had made it so well in so many ways up until now that it is so sad that they started botching things.Why making Jaime a kinslayer?  No, I do not buy the kins-farther-than-it-would-be-convenient-for-me-don't-count theory.Because they are thinking at his arc as a wrestling "turn face" of a "heel". They are not thinking at it as the coherent evolution of an all around character on which we knew too little when we judged him for the first time. This is very sad, as it is gross writing, as gross as giving to the supposed most dangerous knight in the world an escape plan based on kinslaying in the hope the guards will enter his cage with the chains instead of giving the alarm. Why on the earth did Alton  Torrhen have Jaime's chains key on his body?I agree 100%.
2544	ipsuel	2012-05-15	I completely agree with the surprise above of the person who said: this show had made it so well in so many ways up until now that it is so sad that they started botching things.The worst thing is that Jaime becomes a Kingslayer in a move that needs the stupidity of the Karstark son to work. Why didn't he call a voice before entering the tiger's cage? Because the books said that he had to die. Why did he had the keys on Jaime's chain on his body, too?Why making Jaime a kinslayer?  No, I do not buy the kins-farther-than-it-would-be-convenient-for-me-don't-count theory.Because they are thinking at his arc as a wrestling "turn face" of a "heel". They are not thinking at it as the coherent evolution of an all around character on which we knew too little when we judged him for the first time. This is very sad, as it is gross writing, as gross as giving to the supposed most dangerous knight in the world an escape plan based on kinslaying in the hope the guards will enter his cage with the chains instead of giving the alarm. Why on the earth did Alton have Jaime's chains key on his body?The bad writing of the escape attempt can be survived: a bad scene in a good series can happen. I'm not against any changes for the TV version: some one was brilliant, like the Roberts added scenes in King's Landing. The TV show helped me understand a couple of things on Cersei I wasn't so sure off before.But this kinslayer bodysnatcher that substituted Jaime Lannister in the series makes it "jump the shark" to me. It will have much more very good things, but it definitely stripped from me the idea that they were doing an almost perfect job. This made me doubt that the series writer are thinking at the characters as all around persons and not as etiquettes: physically violent villain, childish delusional sadical, witty sincere dwarf.<snip>It is concerning, I agree. The Jaime change was just too much for me...
2545	The Monkey	2012-05-14	In this episode, Robb want away to some place (forgot where) to negotiate a peace. I understand it as a plot device, the need to get him away from Cat both so that she can release the Kingslayer without Robb interfering, and so that he can sleep with and marry the Westerling woman without Cat interfering.
But what will come of this, do you reckon?
2546	victim	2012-05-14	He went to The Crag, the seat of House Westerling in the books. This is when Robb gets injured and is nursed back to health by Jeyne, whether it unfolds like that in the show is hard to say. According to the previews, this is the episode where "Robb is betrayed," though I'm assuming that is concerning Cat, Jaime or Rickard Karstark as opposed to the revelation of Talisa being Jeyne.Edit: I don't think Robb was negotiated peace as much as accepting surrender. 
					
					
							Edited by victim, 14 May 2012 - 08:30 PM.
2547	Laohu	2012-05-14	I doubt Robb is going to be injured as a result of the negotiations, so I am definitely curious how he and Jeyne/Talisa will do the deed. I assume that this will be shown and not merely mentioned in later exposition, for instance, when they arrive back at his camp suddenly hand in hand. In either case, Robb is probably coming back to his mother and his men as a hitched/betrothed man, and I cannot wait to see everyone's reaction, especially Cat's and Roose's.
2548	Envie	2012-05-14	Since they're not showing the battles, I suspect they will not reveal the nature of how Robb gets an 'arrow wound' which Jeyne Westerling nurses him back to health over as done in the books. I have a suspicion they'll show a scene or two of him already wounded and in bed (in her family's home at the Crag), and due to close proximity and him being undressed, they may have a short love scene with our without sex shown. Perhaps they'll even throw in her Father 'catching them' in a compromising position and Robb doing the 'right thing' by proposing to her. This wasn't really described in detail in the books so the producers can take all the liberty they want with it in the show.
2549	Bride of Winter	2012-05-14	i didn't actually realize he's probably not going to be injured until now. well either way, his arrow wound was what got him in her bed and introduced them in the first place, and later they slept together once he found out about bran and rickon. seeing as they already know eachother, I'm guessing it'll just cut straight to the sex.
2550	Ser Giant	2012-05-14	They'll probably come to agreement that if Robb marries Jeyne he will have their fealty thus no fight at the crag.
2551	The Monkey	2012-05-15	Wait, so House Westerling has decided to negotiate a separate peace from it's liege lords, the Lannisters? Wouldn't that be treason? Of course, they're going down that route eventually anyway, but still.
2552	Pellaeon	2012-05-15	They negotiate the surrender of the garrison, not peace at all
2553	sennahoj	2012-05-15	Would it be possible that Robb is injured by a bannerman on the show? Karstark could challenge Robb over Catelyn's releasing Jaime. I know it's not in the books, but it's not inconceivable.
2554	SerMixalot	2012-05-15	last night brienne mentions Robb will be back tom.  So doubtful he got injured cause he was going to accept surrender not storm the castle.  Inthat case it would be illogical he would have time to bed and betrothe Talyne.  I wouldnt want to predict how they will play it out.
2555	WinterWarrior	2012-05-15	I don't think Robb will be injured. I think he will find out that Talisa is Jeyne when they get to the Crag to accept the surrender. Then in true HBO style they will cut right to the sex. He will get hitched and go back to camp a few days later. That will give Jamie and Brienne a few days to get away.
Of course she obviously has some medical knowledge and there is a thing called Moon Tea but Robb Stark is as "honorable" as his father so the story does not go there, and as we all know Robb's honor will do him as much good as it did his father.
2556	Laohu	2012-05-15	Winter Warrior, you post made me think of something. In the books, do we know that Jeyne is definitely not pregnant with Robb's baby, or was that left up in the air? I think the last we hear from her is book 4 with Jamie's PoV, but she did not seem to be carrying a child then. Why do I feel like that is not a sure thing?
2557	So1ar	2012-05-15	doesn't Jeyne "comfort" Robb after he learns about the death of his brothers? that could happen next episode i suppose.
2558	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-05-15	last night brienne mentions Robb will be back tom. So doubtful he got injured cause he was going to accept surrender not storm the castle. Inthat case it would be illogical he would have time to bed and betrothe Talyne. I wouldnt want to predict how they will play it out.last night brienne mentions Robb will be back tom. So doubtful he got injured cause he was going to accept surrender not storm the castle. Inthat case it would be illogical he would have time to bed and betrothe Talyne. I wouldnt want to predict how they will play it out.I guess they could have the marriage in season 3. Besides going to Riverrun(kinda has too unless the totally get rid of it) there isn't much he would probably do until the RW. I think that taking off Karstark's head is something that can happen next episode.
2559	birdsong66	2012-05-15	It's quite possible that Jayne will comfort Robb after he is "betrayed" by Catelyn, the singlemost person he trusts without question,  she above everyone else.  Her betrayal (releasing the Kingslayer) could be very much like a metaphorical death to him, not requiring the knowledge of his two youngest siblings at all, which forms the catalyst for sex/marriage.  Both actions would result in the same sticky wicket situations in the book, and ultimately suffice for the larger betrayals in the future, for HBOGoT.I watched an interview with Fairley, and she kept talking about the journey she goes on, the horses, the landscapes, etc.---Are we certain that HBO has her remaining with Robb post-Jaime release?  I'm wondering because with all the adjustments from the books, would they be crazy enough to have Brienne, Jaime, and Catelyn make a break for Kings Landing together?  The interview got me wondering what changes will be made to this part of ASoS for season 3.  Thoughts?  Like it?  Hate it?  Speak up, y'heard?
2560	imladolen	2012-05-15	Edit: I don't think Robb was negotiated peace as much as accepting surrender.Exactly.
2561	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-05-15	It's quite possible that Jayne will comfort Robb after he is "betrayed" by Catelyn, the singlemost person he trusts without question,  she above everyone else.  Her betrayal (releasing the Kingslayer) could be very much like a metaphorical death to him, not requiring the knowledge of his two youngest siblings at all, which forms the catalyst for sex/marriage.  Both actions would result in the same sticky wicket situations in the book, and ultimately suffice for the larger betrayals in the future, for HBOGoT.I watched an interview with Fairley, and she kept talking about the journey she goes on, the horses, the landscapes, etc.---Are we certain that HBO has her remaining with Robb post-Jaime release?  I'm wondering because with all the adjustments from the books, would they be crazy enough to have Brienne, Jaime, and Catelyn make a break for Kings Landing together?  The interview got me wondering what changes will be made to this part of ASoS for season 3.  Thoughts?  Like it?  Hate it?  Speak up, y'heard?She could just be talking about taking trips to Storms End Riverrun, the Twins, plus all the things like just riding along with Robb this season.I also don't think they would separate them since they both have to be dying at the RW.
2562	WinterWarrior	2012-05-15	Winter Warrior, you post made me think of something. In the books, do we know that Jeyne is definitely not pregnant with Robb's baby, or was that left up in the air? I think the last we hear from her is book 4 with Jamie's PoV, but she did not seem to be carrying a child then. Why do I feel like that is not a sure thing?Book 3 tells us that her mother has her drink something each morning that she believes is to help her get pregnant, but I think it is implied in Book 4 or 5 when her mother speaks to Jamie that it was Moon Tea to keep her from getting pregnant. Remember in the book Jeyne does not seem to be so worldly or have extensive medical knowledge like this Talisa/Jeyne appears to have. And the Book Jeyne tells Catelyn that she is trying to get pregnant and that she and Robb try "sometimes many times in one day" and she cannot understand why she is not pregnant. I was under the impression that the tea her mother gave her each morning kept her from getting pregnant without her knowing it.But who knows - only GRRM knows if the book Jeyne is pregnant or not.
2563	AdiTarg	2012-05-15	In the book, I cried like a baby when they I thought they died.
I thought that they way they portrayed it on the show was clumsy, and it wasn't as powerful as it should have been.
I mean, two Strak children just died and it had no emotional impact on me.
I thought it was poor editing with the scene coming at the end and being too short. I still think it was a fantastic episode, but to people who haven't read the books that  was probably handled in a very underwhelming matter.
2564	Perin Stone	2012-05-13	The scenes for next week say only 2 more episodes left but I thought there was 10 episodes again.
2565	Ran	2012-05-13	3 more left. Someone flubbed.
2566	Perin Stone	2012-05-13	Thanks.  They had me worried.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2567	boojam	2012-05-14	The scenes for next week say only 2 more episodes left but I thought there was 10 episodes again.Three more, as said, in a better economy there would have, may have, should be, five more.
2568	bayrodney	2012-05-14	Wish there were more episodes left.
They're not possibly playing Blackwater and Valar Morghulis back-to-back as a 2 hour finale and that's where they're getting this 'two episodes left' idea from?
2569	House Balstroko	2012-05-14	3 more left. Episode 10 didn't have a title for a long time, so it could be where the confusion came from.
2570	House Balstroko	2012-05-14	3 more left. Episode 10 didn't have a title for a long time, so it could be where the confusion came from.
2571	A Redeemed Hound	2012-05-14	Okay cool.  I almost had a stroke when it said 2.  There is way way way too much to happen now and 2 episodes left would be stupid.  Blackwater, House of the Undying, Reek, Weasel soup, Winterfell, etc.
2572	King Rickon	2012-05-14	Phew!  Ever since I saw that last night I've been in a panic.  How could they squeeze it all into 2 more shows?  Gonna need a clean pair of shorts...
2573	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-05-14	Yeah that was a pretty inexplicable booboo.  I noticed that the offending promo wasn't played after the 10:00 PM CST replay, first time I can remember that an upcoming episode promo was skipped.  I wonder if someone at the network caught the mistake and took it out.
2574	Tourniquet	2012-05-14	Phew! I thought maybe they were alluring to 2 more episodes before the Battle of the Blackwater, but I'm glad it was an error
2575	bardgal	2012-05-14	Yeah that was a pretty inexplicable booboo.  I noticed that the offending promo wasn't played after the 10:00 PM CST replay, first time I can remember that an upcoming episode promo was skipped.  I wonder if someone at the network caught the mistake and took it out.YAY. Yeah, I freaked a bit....  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  Thank you!
2576	boojam	2012-05-14	3 more left. Someone flubbed.I kind of wonder since next week is episode 8 that whoever put the promo together meant that after next week there are two more episodes, and just flubbed on making that clear?
2577	turdle	2012-05-14	one episode until black water, where is the chain?
2578	DragonAge93	2012-05-07	We need a pre-airing thread.So, from the preview it looks like we are getting the Jaime/Cleos (Alton) prison escape scene. And the hunt for Bran and Rickon looks like it'll be a good scene(s).Really curious to how they will show Dany's storyline now. Will she see her visions in the HotU, or just go there to get her dragons from the warlock? Sure, both could happen. But from the summary, it says she gets an invitation. Hm, should be interesting nonetheless.Preview: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=RaVcUyzc-dA
					
					
							Edited by DragonAge93, 08 May 2012 - 10:09 PM.
2579	ViennaGirl	2012-05-07	I love the ep title - a man without honor could be Jaime, Jon, Robb. Or all three in one episode, if we get Jaime making a deal with Catelyn, Jon joining the wildlings, and Robb screwing over the Freys with Talisia Jeyne-the-hot-battlefield-medic.
2580	Craven Mummer	2012-05-07	I think they're referring to Theon as a man without honor. Maybe he'll take out the millers/herders kids this episode. Hope we get to see the Bastard this season, is it possible he was cast without the fans knowing?
(null)
2581	Sphinx The Riddle	2012-05-07	i have a feeling they will jump to the end of HOTU from the books.. no doors and no riddles just old spooky warlocks
2582	kirazikins	2012-05-08	What was Shae doing in the preview? It looks like she is putting a knife to Sansa's throat. Anyone else think it is Sansa?
And I think the 'man without honor' will be multiple characters -- Theon (hunting a lil kid and a cripple), Robb (maybe this will be the episode he hooks up with talisa), The Hound (for scaring Sansa in her room), and Jaime (for trying to escape??).
2583	gramblor	2012-05-08	The hound to Sansa "you'll be glad for the hateful things I do someday"
oh wow
2584	Grumpy Midget	2012-05-08	From what I gather from the preview, In that one scene with Jaime and Alton conspiring in the cell.  They were interrupted by someone pulling a blade.  We only get a torso shot but that looks like Brienne.  So here's fingers crossed for an early showing of Jaime calling Brienne "wench". /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Grumpy Midget, 08 May 2012 - 02:15 AM.
2585	Tony Soprano	2012-05-08	I'm really looking forward to the whole prison break scene. It looks pretty good from what I saw in the preview.
2586	Bayard	2012-05-08	What was Shae doing in the preview? It looks like she is putting a knife to Sansa's throat. Anyone else think it is Sansa?And I think the 'man without honor' will be multiple characters -- Theon (hunting a lil kid and a cripple), Robb (maybe this will be the episode he hooks up with talisa), The Hound (for scaring Sansa in her room), and Jaime (for trying to escape??).Why would Jaime be without honor for escaping?? Isn't it the first duty of any prisoner to try to escape? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> I think it's Theon.
2587	Indigocell	2012-05-08	The title also reminds me of Jaqen, just his manner of speech. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2588	Arkash	2012-05-08	I think the titles refers to Jaime, maybe he will try to escape at the beginning of the episode with the help of Alton... and then, later, after being recaught, the news of Bran and Rickon's deaths will reach Catelyn and the episode will end on Jaime being fred...
2589	Gurney Halleck	2012-05-08	No matter what the meaning of the episode title, or the content of the episode itself, I will wait patiently with baited breath, clenched jaw and cleft palate.
2590	boojam	2012-05-08	Why was Tywin shouting 'kill them all' what was that about?
Does that lead to a different Turtle Soup scenario than in CoK, that would be ok with me, thought that one worked ok, but if it's about Arya's escape that's ok too. As long as they keep George's great story of Arya tricking Jaqen.
Figured Turtle Soup would be in E8.
Also Tywin has got to march soon or he's not going to make it to KL in time.
2591	Arkash	2012-05-08	*Weasel soup.
Yeah, I want the tricking of Jaqen, too, no matter how it happens afterward as long as the results are the same... Harrenhal falling in the hands of Roose Bolton (since it seems he wont be going north to retake Winterfell in the end).
I dont know what the heck is hapenning with Tywin yelling ? Maybe Northerners arriving at the castle, but it seems strange...
2592	boojam	2012-05-08	*Weasel soup.Yeah, I want the tricking of Jaqen, too, no matter how it happens afterward as long as the results are the same... Harrenhal falling in the hands of Roose Bolton (since it seems he wont be going north to retake Winterfell in the end).I dont know what the heck is hapenning with Tywin yelling ? Maybe Northerners arriving at the castle, but it seems strange...Yeah Weasel Soup! Lord I have these brain 1 and 0 flips at times, must be cosmic rays.
2593	iheartseverus	2012-05-08	Could someone post a link to the preview in this thread?  Thx!
2594	Tyrionthebest	2012-05-08	*Weasel soup.Yeah, I want the tricking of Jaqen, too, no matter how it happens afterward as long as the results are the same... Harrenhal falling in the hands of Roose Bolton (since it seems he wont be going north to retake Winterfell in the end).I dont know what the heck is hapenning with Tywin yelling ? Maybe Northerners arriving at the castle, but it seems strange... I think it's with the death of Armory Lorch . He wants to know who is the killer and asks for all the prisoners to be killed or something .
2595	Crown	2012-05-08	Could someone post a link to the preview in this thread?  Thx!Here you go. http://www.youtube.c...dA&feature=plcp
2596	SerMixalot	2012-05-08	so along the Arya timeline we have to get Tywin out of Harrenhall (he went north in the books), Lorch to replace him (now that Lorch is dead we will need another lannister bannerman to control Harrenhall), capture Bolton, Arya rescue Bolton through the weasel soup episode, then have Arya escape
Assuming tywin doesnt leave in epi 7-3 episodes doesnt seem adequate time to get it done.
2597	WhiteWalder	2012-05-08	From the preview it looks like it will be Jamie.
2598	Arataniello	2012-05-08	so along the Arya timeline we have to get Tywin out of Harrenhall (he went north in the books), Lorch to replace him (now that Lorch is dead we will need another lannister bannerman to control Harrenhall), capture Bolton, Arya rescue Bolton through the weasel soup episode, then have Arya escapeLord Bolton was not among the northern prisoners who were freed by weasel soup.  He came to Harrenhal after that chapter in the book.
2599	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-08	Definitely Jaime-centric; I'm sure we'll see his would-be escape. About time!
2600	Spidey	2012-05-08	Why was Tywin shouting 'kill them all' what was that aboutGeeze, he didn't!He said: "I want them dead" in a very calm and calculated manner.No reason to make artificial drama out of it.
2601	Davos55	2012-05-08	Thank the old Gods and the new, Jaime Lannister will be back this episode!!! So so pumped for that!  He better be the central character of the episode, and I am very excited to see the scene that Nikolaj describes as the best of his career.
Besides his scenes, I am greatly looking forward to more Sandor, Theon's hunt, and more Harrenhall madness.
One thing I am not looking forward to based on the preview..WTF is Shae doing holding a knife to someone's (who certainly looks like Sansa) throat?!? This makes no sense to me, but I will be patient and wait to see what is going on with that..I guess.
Also, I am hoping to see more of Stannis and Davos preparing for the  Blackwater, and hopefully Tyrion will start the construction of the chain this episode.
Hopefully I can actually watch this episode when it premieres Sunday night..that would make me very happy.
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 08 May 2012 - 02:41 PM.
2602	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-08	Well the one who draws the sword after Alton says "let me help you" is Brienne. I bet she's the one who foils his escape, setting up their relationship going into season 3.I still believe that the "Man Without Honour" in the title is both Theon and Jaime. It sounds like something Brienne will say to the Kingslayer. I think back to episodes of The Sopranos and how episode titles often had more than one meaning or related to more than one character.
2603	sennahoj	2012-05-08	I am really excited about more Sandor Clegane. Rory McCann was great last episode. After seeing his audition for the role on youtube, I want to see how his strange relationship with Sansa will develop on screen.
I have to agree about the knife scene, that's really puzzling. Does Shae want to prevent Sansa from trying to escape? Could it have something to do with Sansa losing it and trying to burn her bed? Or has Sansa found out Shae's identity as Tyrion's whore and wants to make use of that knowledge? it remains strange.
The hunt for the Stark children will be interesting to watch. From the preview, where Theon tells Luwin "It's all just a game", I gather he is going insane.
2604	boojam	2012-05-08	Geeze, he didn't!He said: "I want them dead" in a very calm and calculated manner.No reason to make artificial drama out of it.Ok 'I want them dead'. The scene just is just after , what looks like a number of soldiers ?... bandits?... dead in the courtyard... not clear what's that's about , Arya seems to still be Tywin's servant, so that's odd. I think they are going to skip the whole Roose gamit at Harrenhal ,not a lot of plot advancement there.Starting to think Weasel Soup happens this episode, seems early.Looks like Weasel Soup is going to be structured differently, I think ending with Jaqen departing and Arya escaping...But it's hard to puzzle out what it's going to be, the last events at Harrenhal E6 clouds things.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 08 May 2012 - 04:03 PM.
2605	boojam	2012-05-08	Anyone notice the short sequence between Sansa and the Hound?  (Lord HBO moves these preview like lightning.)
They finally developing that story?
2606	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-08	Starting to thing Weasel Soup happens this episode, not seems early.Looks like Weasel Soup is going to be structured differently, I think ending with Jaqen departing and Arya escaping...I'm starting to think weasel soup isn't happening at all. No prisoners to speak of (although that could change, and would also help register Bolton in the mind of the non-book reading viewer as it will be his men) and they missed a trick with the whole double meaning of weasel soup. We never got to see Weasel the kitchen girl.I think the last man she asks Jaqen to kill- after deciding that killing Joffrey/Tywin won't help her escape- will be a soldier guarding a door, allowing Arya and Gendry (I predict Hot Pie will be left here but that would suck) to escape. Having Arya slaughter the guardsman might be too much of a jump at this point.Hope I'm wrong though. Weasel soup was good fun.
2607	Aegnor	2012-05-08	I'm curious how far they will go with Bran and Rickon. Will they try to fool the audience into thinking Theon killed them, similar to the book, or will they tip them off and maybe actually show the scene at the miller's. I think they might have to. Otherwise the reveal will just be too difficult.  They could do it with a flashback, but I don't think there has been a single flashback in the entire series so far. If they just pop out of the crypt, people are going to be really confused. I suppose Theon could tell Luwin, or Dagmar.
In any case, I think Theon's "killing" of Bran and Rickon has to happen this upcoming episode. I think the episode will end with Theon putting "Bran" and "Rickon" up on spikes. Then the next episode Catelyn gets the raven and releases Jamie. Or they could end the upcoming episode with Jamie's release (after Cat finds out about Bran and Rickon).
2608	Crown	2012-05-08	I'm curious how far they will go with Bran and Rickon. Will they try to fool the audience into thinking Theon killed them, similar to the book, or will they tip them off and maybe actually show the scene at the miller's. I think they might have to. Otherwise the reveal will just be too difficult.  They could do it with a flashback, but I don't think there has been a single flashback in the entire series so far. If they just pop out of the crypt, people are going to be really confused. I suppose Theon could tell Luwin, or Dagmar.In any case, I think Theon's "killing" of Bran and Rickon has to happen this upcoming episode. I think the episode will end with Theon putting "Bran" and "Rickon" up on spikes. Then the next episode Catelyn gets the raven and releases Jamie. Or they could end the upcoming episode with Jamie's release (after Cat finds out about Bran and Rickon).When Bran and Rickon leave the crypts, and find Luwin in the godswood, he will tell them that he knew it wasn't Bran and Rickon due to the muscled legs. That'll explain it.
					
					
							Edited by Crown, 08 May 2012 - 05:06 PM.
2609	pntrlqst	2012-05-08	Definitely think the episode title speaks for the overall theme of the episode and the many characters involved. The actual words come directly from a speech Cat gives to Jamie.http://m.youtube.com...3CwCuX7Tc&gl=US
					
					
							Edited by vntrlqst, 08 May 2012 - 05:18 PM.
2610	Fred Stark	2012-05-08	I am really excited about more Sandor Clegane. Rory McCann was great last episode. After seeing his audition for the role on youtube, I want to see how his strange relationship with Sansa will develop on screen.I have to agree about the knife scene, that's really puzzling. Does Shae want to prevent Sansa from trying to escape? Could it have something to do with Sansa losing it and trying to burn her bed? Or has Sansa found out Shae's identity as Tyrion's whore and wants to make use of that knowledge? it remains strange.The hunt for the Stark children will be interesting to watch. From the preview, where Theon tells Luwin "It's all just a game", I gather he is going insane.The episode description states that Cersei counsels Sansa,and based on the preview,Sansa was holding her neck,so this would be the scene where Sansa gets her first moonblood...I'm glad the producers decided to keep the scene as this would make the audience who havent read the books realise ,she is still a child till this eventabout Shae holding knife to Sansa...I reckon that would be the dream Sansa has,that explains why she holds her neck as she woke up,the same thing about the Hound talking to Sansa scene,i think that is also a dream sequence
2611	Spidey	2012-05-08	I'm starting to think weasel soup isn't happening at all. No prisoners to speak ofThey already established that the prison cells are all full. So, while we might not have Weasel soup, I'm confident that we'll have some kind of soup.
2612	Aegnor	2012-05-08	I don't know how well the moonblood scene will work in the TV series. If Sansa looked as she did in the pilot, then sure. Or even if she looked young. But she has grown fairly tall, and I don't think it's believable to say that she hasn't gone through puberty yet. You remember during the Cercei dinner scene? Marcella asks when Sansa and Joffrey will be maried, and Cercei says when the war is over. In the books the wedding is supposed to occur when she gets her moonblood. Maybe they will still have the moonblood scene, I just think it would be weird with an actress that is nearly 6 foot, and clearly past that particular age.
2613	Aslerys	2012-05-08	The episode description states that Cersei counsels Sansa,and based on the preview,Sansa was holding her neck,so this would be the scene where Sansa gets her first moonblood...I'm glad the producers decided to keep the scene as this would make the audience who havent read the books realise ,she is still a child till this eventabout Shae holding knife to Sansa...I reckon that would be the dream Sansa has,that explains why she holds her neck as she woke up,the same thing about the Hound talking to Sansa scene,i think that is also a dream sequenceI agree with you I think she is just dreaming at least in the Shae part besides Shae doesn't have any reason to threat Sansa at this point unless they decided to made up one...
2614	HouseLancaster	2012-05-08	I'm starting to think weasel soup isn't happening at all. No prisoners to speak of (although that could change, and would also help register Bolton in the mind of the non-book reading viewer as it will be his men) and they missed a trick with the whole double meaning of weasel soup. We never got to see Weasel the kitchen girl.I think the last man she asks Jaqen to kill- after deciding that killing Joffrey/Tywin won't help her escape- will be a soldier guarding a door, allowing Arya and Gendry (I predict Hot Pie will be left here but that would suck) to escape. Having Arya slaughter the guardsman might be too much of a jump at this point.Hope I'm wrong though. Weasel soup was good fun.I still have faith, but such a change doesn't now seem impossible. Arya NOT taking charge of her own life and ot killing the guard herself come season end seems like a waste of development. Though. As has been said, they've kept her hands clean so far. If Hot Pie and Genrdy don't get a few scenes in the next episodes it wouldn't surprise me if atleast Hot Pie stayed behind.However, we know some slaughtering is going on next episode, we know Ayra "calls in her final debt with Jaqen in a way that displeases him" in ep8 and we know she gets the coin in the season finale. So for me, killing the guard wouldn't displease Jaqen and it wouldn't take 2 episodes. I just think the circumstances of hr final debt will change slightly (i.e. not Northenmen, Roose etc). It could all still fit in there somehow. Hopefully, if Kings Landing gets an entire episode in "Blackwater" the characters North will have the lions share in the other episodes.
2615	The Monkey	2012-05-08	Exactly, the line "Ayra calls in her final debt with Jaqen in a way that displeases him" can only mean one thing. He has started his willingness to kill anyone, so he wouldn't be displeased if that was anyone but himself. She might not be freeing Bolton prisoners, but surely something similar. It's just too good a plot point to miss up on, as is her murder of the guard at the end of her last chapter.
2616	boojam	2012-05-08	I still have faith, but such a change doesn't now seem impossible. Arya NOT taking charge of her own life and ot killing the guard herself come season end seems like a waste of development. Though. As has been said, they've kept her hands clean so far. If Hot Pie and Genrdy don't get a few scenes in the next episodes it wouldn't surprise me if atleast Hot Pie stayed behind.However, we know some slaughtering is going on next episode, we know Ayra "calls in her final debt with Jaqen in a way that displeases him" in ep8 and we know she gets the coin in the season finale. So for me, killing the guard wouldn't displease Jaqen and it wouldn't take 2 episodes. I just think the circumstances of hr final debt will change slightly (i.e. not Northenmen, Roose etc). It could all still fit in there somehow. Hopefully, if Kings Landing gets an entire episode in "Blackwater" the characters North will have the lions share in the other episodes.I find it had to believe that D&D are not found of Arya's trick on Jaqen.I has all the makings of cleverly constructed drama and one of George's masterpieces.What follows can be different that would not bother me, I still expect something with more action than we have seen from Jaqen.
2617	Arkash	2012-05-08	Could it have something to do with Sansa losing it and trying to burn her bed?Most obvious for me. Sansa's bleeding and becoming mad and Shae stopping her.As for the Arya trick, I think from the quick summary of episode 8, we sure will have it, the ending might differs, but she will surely ask Jaqen to kill Jaqen.
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 08 May 2012 - 07:07 PM.
2618	The hairy bear	2012-05-08	Maybe they will still have the moonblood scene, I just think it would be weird with an actress that is nearly 6 foot, and clearly past that particular age.Sophie Turner was 15 during the filming of season 2. While 12-13 would be the average, many girls have their first menstruation at 15.Sophie is really tall for her age, but don't think she looks too mature to have her do he moonblood scene..
2619	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-08	How are they going to get Tywin out of there before weasel soup?  No, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not hard, but who will be left in charge when heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s gone?  And what will Aryaâ<U+0080><U+0099>s motivation be to escape?  Will she escape Tywinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s or Rooseâ<U+0080><U+0099>s men?I cannot imagine Tywin being there for weasel soup.  Just canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t.
2620	Khal-a-bunga	2012-05-08	I'm thinking we'll see Tywin depart Harrenhal at the end of this episode, leaving some approximation of Weasel soup for episode eight.
As far as how I see things playing out with Theon and Bran & Rickon - I'd imagine the audience will be left to believe they're dead at the end of the next episode. From the preview we can see Theon assaulting the man who Bran allowed to take two orphan boys in episode five; Theon will come upon his home and ask where the two boys from Winterfell are. I'm not sure how it will be play out, but I'm thinking that Dagmer and Theon enter a barn or some such where the man says the boys are and the scene may end with saod barn being set on fire (killing the two boys and charring their bodies to avoid identification). I'm basing that off of the picture of Theon at the gates of Winterfell with two burned bodies hanging on either side of the gate. We shall see, though.
2621	House Snow	2012-05-08	Ok 'I want them dead'. The scene just is just after , what looks like a number of soldiers ?... bandits?... dead in the courtyard... not clear what's that's about , Arya seems to still be Tywin's servant, so that's odd.I think they are going to skip the whole Roose gamit at Harrenhal ,not a lot of plot advancement there.Starting to think Weasel Soup happens this episode, seems early.Looks like Weasel Soup is going to be structured differently, I think ending with Jaqen departing and Arya escaping...But it's hard to puzzle out what it's going to be, the last events at Harrenhal E6 clouds things.  Yeah thats not happening either.  The episode summaries are pretty obvious about this.
2622	KnightsOfDany	2012-05-08	Meanwhile North of the Wall, Ygritte grinds Jon for heat,
2623	Baitac	2012-05-08	Is this the episode that will be written by GRRM? Or will it be the next?
2624	Hyper	2012-05-09	Is this the episode that will be written by GRRM? Or will it be the next?No, this season GRRM wrote episode 9 - "Blackwater". (This will be episode 7)
2625	madman2711	2012-05-09	too bad the mountain clans were almost absent from screen time i think only two scenes were shown with them
i missed their genital eating goats lines this season
					
					
							Edited by madman2711, 09 May 2012 - 05:00 AM.
2626	Arkash	2012-05-09	The mountain clans didnt really appear this book too...
And speaking of mountains, it is the Mountain that we really missed ! ^^
As for Roose... I dont know, he still may come to Harrenhal... the viewers need to really know who this character is, so I'm sure he'll have more screentime in the coming episodes...
Meanwhile, north of the Wall, my speculations are that Ygritte will escape and Jon will find back (thanks to Ghost) Qhorin, Stonesnake and the others...
2627	Bayard	2012-05-09	The mountain clans didnt really appear this book too...And speaking of mountains, it is the Mountain that we really missed ! ^^As for Roose... I dont know, he still may come to Harrenhal... the viewers need to really know who this character is, so I'm sure he'll have more screentime in the coming episodes...Meanwhile, north of the Wall, my speculations are that Ygritte will escape and Jon will find back (thanks to Ghost) Qhorin, Stonesnake and the others...Hmm, I thought they were pretty present at every Tyrion chapter, those clans kept Tyrion in power, they were the means for him to "conquer" King's Landing.... and of course they were decisive in the Blackwater Battle, I think even Tywin admits it. They were let loose in Kingswood and disrupted all of Stannis' communications and scouts, and they allowed the Tyrell-Lannister army to surprise them from behind. Otherwise... probably Stannis would have had time to retreat in good order, he had his fleet there... or at least he could have run I don't know... south to Storm's End, east/north to Robb Stark.... he had many options, deppending on the direction of the attack.
2628	boojam	2012-05-09	How are they going to get Tywin out of there before weasel soup?  No, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not hard, but who will be left in charge when heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s gone?  And what will Aryaâ<U+0080><U+0099>s motivation be to escape?  Will she escape Tywinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s or Rooseâ<U+0080><U+0099>s men?I cannot imagine Tywin being there for weasel soup.  Just canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t.  In the book Tywin left Ser Amory  as castellan , so that's out. I don't know Tywin still has a lot of extra officers about could be just some anonymous one.
2629	madman2711	2012-05-09	The mountain clans didnt really appear this book too...are you sure?anyway i hope that at least hint of the Tullys and Riverrun this season as who will be the groom at the RW?i think Polliver will be left in charge of Harrenhal as Tywin and the Mountain will go to KL for the Blackwater
					
					
							Edited by madman2711, 09 May 2012 - 07:19 AM.
2630	boojam	2012-05-09	Sophie Turner was 15 during the filming of season 2. While 12-13 would be the average, many girls have their first menstruation at 15.Sophie is really tall for her age, but don't think she looks too mature to have her do he moonblood scene..I think Sophie is 16 now, gee she sure looks older than that even without makeup on.
2631	boojam	2012-05-09	are you sure?anyway i hope that at least hint of the Tullys and Riverrun this season as who will be the groom at the RW?i think Polliver will be left in charge of HarrenhalCould be , Andy Kellegher who played, Polliver in E3 did not look like the same actor in E4, I guess it was the helm.By the by did D&D send Ian Whyte back to playing a White Walker?
2632	Khal Yolo	2012-05-09	I am very disappointed that we haven't seen Dany in the traditional Qartheen dress (with one boob exposed).
2633	Arkash	2012-05-09	I too guess that Polliver will be extended in the show, not a problem, I like the actor playing him !
2634	boojam	2012-05-09	I am very disappointed that we haven't seen Dany in the traditional Qartheen dress (with one boob exposed).Worth repeating. In an interview Emilia Clarke said D&D considered that, but felt that it would be spoiling the dramatic narrative, guess what everyone would be staring at?!They made the right choice.
2635	Davos55	2012-05-09	Meanwhile, north of the Wall, my speculations are that Ygritte will escape and Jon will find back (thanks to Ghost) Qhorin, Stonesnake and the others...Man, let's hope so..if Jon joins the Wildlings because of Ygritte and not by command of Qorin I will not be a happy camper.
2636	Aegnor	2012-05-09	I think Sophie is 16 now, gee she sure looks older than that even without makeup on.And this is the main problem. If she looked young for her age (like Maisie), then it wouldn't be a problem. But she looks older than her age. I'd say she looks 19 or 20.
2637	Tyrionthebest	2012-05-09	Man, let's hope so..if Jon joins the Wildlings because of Ygritte and not by command of Qorin I will not be a happy camper.He's not going to based on episode summaries .
2638	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-09	No, this season GRRM wrote episode 9 - "Blackwater". (This will be episode 7)I do wonder the thinking in having Martin write â<U+0080><U+009C>Blackwaterâ<U+0080><U+009D>.  Is it an honor or a chore?  Are they trying to make sure they get the plot-notes that the author thinks critical?
2639	kkae	2012-05-09	I expecting so much from Jaime part of episode 7, didn't like at all that they made him dyslexic last episode (or was that in the books).
The speech about the vows is going be amazing I hope. They also really need to show how deadly he is with the sword before his hand is cut off (then there is only the fight against Brienne in ASoS).
I didn't like the Jaime vs. Ned fight at all.
					
					
							Edited by kkae, 09 May 2012 - 11:56 AM.
2640	Samalander	2012-05-09	I think the scene the actor is so proud of is Jaime's monologue about killing Aerys. They probably pushed it back from next season to this one. I really hope they keep the scene to just him and Brienne, but I fear they'll put Cat in there, too.
					
					
							Edited by Samalander, 09 May 2012 - 12:03 PM.
2641	gogorath	2012-05-09	I think the scene the actor is so proud of is Jaime's monologue about killing Aerys. They probably pushed it back from next season to this one. I really hope they keep the scene to just him and Brienne, but I fear they'll put Cat in there, too.Which monologue is that?  I have to admit I don't remember one from the books.  He's had a couple of Aerys-related speeches already ("Burn them all" and "When I killed him, I thought of your father, and it felt like justice.").  Or are you referring to when he's talking to Cat?
2642	kkae	2012-05-09	I think the scene the actor is so proud of is Jaime's monologue about killing Aerys. They probably pushed it back from next season to this one. I really hope they keep the scene to just him and Brienne, but I fear they'll put Cat in there, too.Which monologue is that?  I have to admit I don't remember one from the books.  He's had a couple of Aerys-related speeches already ("Burn them all" and "When I killed him, I thought of your father, and it felt like justice.").  Or are you referring to when he's talking to Cat?I think the Aerys monologue means Jaime's speech in the bathtub at Harrenhal in ASoS.I'm quite sure I saw in some video somewhere which seemed to be the speech about vows. ("They make you  swear and swear..." or something)
					
					
							Edited by kkae, 09 May 2012 - 12:20 PM.
2643	Lord Ravenfrost	2012-05-09	I think Lord Tywin's "kill them all" may be referring to Robb slipping his army unseen past the golden tooth and threatening Lannisport directly. I think we may see a prison break shortly after Tywin leaves Harrenhall but there may not be any soup idk. I think the writers should fool the audience into thinking Bran and Rickon are dead, I remember reading that chapter and thinking GRRM actually killed them off and the panic that followed until I got to Bran's next chapter.
As far as the title of the episode is concerned I think it could refer to Theon for obvious reasons, but could also refer to Jaime. Catelyn  in the book kicks a bucket of his own shit at him and equates it with his honor. I'm really hoping they don't have Shea threatening Sansa with a knife unless it's a dream I really don't see the point of all that. If Jon goes over to the free folk on his own I'm gonna fucking scream! Jon would never turn his cloak without orders to do so, he's just to honorable a guy for that. It would completely change the nature of his character for the worse, he's Eddard's son and dad was honorable to a fault just like Jon. I don't know what is happening with Dany's story I think they may have screwed the pooch on that one, but I'll try to keep an open mind.
2644	Caro99	2012-05-09	i think the man without honor means jaime, though theon can also be named that. but jaime is called a man without honor by cat in her last chapter of ACoK and in the Critic's Trailer we see taht they will be keeping most of what was said in that chapter, with jaime saying that it's too hard to keep all the vows they make you swear.
i'm sure i am pretty wrong about this, but i can't get my mind around talisa not being a lannister sppy. maybe she will be the family relative jaime will meet and not alton??
Can't wait to see the sansa scenes in this episode!!!
i think we will have her in 3 scenes: the moonblood, breakfast with cersei, and the hound and her talking on the serpentine steps- which is what i am looking forward above all!!! i am sure this is not a dream sequence since they do have a conversation in the books where she calls him horrid, and so the t.v. sandor could say, "some day you will be glad of the horrible things that i do..."
i wonder though why would shae threatened sansa with a knife? maybe cause she discovers her freaking out about the moonblood? or maybe since shae practically almost told sansa not to trust her, sansa will have a nightmare about it and how shae threatens her with the knife, so she wakes up holding her throat? but the almost rape scene was quote horrid, so it would be better to have sansa having a nightmare about that...
sophie does look older than 15 (the age she was when she shot that scene probably) but it has already been stated in the show that sansa has not had he rmoon-blood in last season's final A¨pisode, so if they make a reference to that and joff saying taht as soon as she has her moon blood he'll put a son in her, it would be better.
					
					
							Edited by Caro99, 09 May 2012 - 01:29 PM.
2645	madman2711	2012-05-09	If Ros is missing this episode too i guess jeoffrey offed her and the other prostitute or at least kept them busy in the black cells
Anyway i dont miss her maybe GRRM had Jeoffrey catapult her into the Stannis fleet in episode 9 or will made her steer one of the wildfire ships into the assaulting ships anyway just get rid of her
2646	Davos55	2012-05-09	He's not going to based on episode summaries .Which summary are you referring to..what specific parts?
2647	Crown	2012-05-09	Which summary are you referring to..what specific parts?Episode 10 -- "Valar Morghulis"Tyrion awakens to a changed situation. King Joffrey doles out rewards to his subjects. As Theon stirs his men to action, Luwin offers some final advice. Brienne silences Jaime; Arya receives a gift from Jaqen; Dany goes to a strange place; Jon proves himself to Qhorin.I think he's referring to this.
2648	Lord Damian	2012-05-09	I think that HBO is compresssing items from ACOK and ASOS in this season. theon's murder of the Miller's kids will end this episosde with a crow reaching Cat. Robb, with his troops will be on either a Castle assault (crag) or simply be in camp when he is seduced or he seduces. i just think that the last episode, when we get to it will be huge. That one will probably have a crow reaching Walder Frey informing or Robb's betrayal. Ramsay showing up and taking Winterfell and the Wildling army approaching The Wall. I just hope we get to see the battle at the Fist of the First Men and the retreat to Crastor's
2649	Crown	2012-05-09	I think that HBO is compresssing items from ACOK and ASOS in this season. theon's murder of the Miller's kids will end this episosde with a crow reaching Cat. Robb, with his troops will be on either a Castle assault (crag) or simply be in camp when he is seduced or he seduces. i just think that the last episode, when we get to it will be huge. That one will probably have a crow reaching Walder Frey informing or Robb's betrayal. Ramsay showing up and taking Winterfell and the Wildling army approaching The Wall. I just hope we get to see the battle at the Fist of the First Men and the retreat to Crastor'sJon Snow's arc will most likely end the same way it did in the books.
2650	SwordOfTheEvening	2012-05-09	Anyone else think maybe the hanging man in the preview is Beric Dondarrion? If I remember correctly that was one of the first ways he "died" when Lorch hanged him when he tried to surrender to save some smallfolk.  I know Lorch isn't alive in the series but that doesn't mean they can't hang Beric.
2651	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-05-09	Jon Snow's arc will most likely end the same way it did in the books.Yeah, it sounds like that from the episode summary above. I think that would be a great way for the season to end. With Jon having dispatched Qhorin, we see him looking up and around at the dozens of wildlings surrounding him, and a picturesque waterfall behind him.
2652	Davos55	2012-05-09	Episode 10 -- "Valar Morghulis"Tyrion awakens to a changed situation. King Joffrey doles out rewards to his subjects. As Theon stirs his men to action, Luwin offers some final advice. Brienne silences Jaime; Arya receives a gift from Jaqen; Dany goes to a strange place; Jon proves himself to Qhorin.I think he's referring to this.Thank you for that summary, I haven't seen that one before. With the wording of the last part, I still think that he "proves himself" by doing what needs to be done and killing Qhorin on his command.  I believe next episode Jon will return to Qhorin and the rangers with Ghost, as a previous post has described. I anticipate the last episode will have the great cave/waterfall and last stand scene from the novels.
2653	frametown	2012-05-09	If Ros is missing this episode too i guess jeoffrey offed her and the other prostitute or at least kept them busy in the black cellsAnyway i dont miss her maybe GRRM had Jeoffrey catapult her into the Stannis fleet in episode 9 or will made her steer one of the wildfire ships into the assaulting ships anyway just get rid of herHmm, I wonder if Ros is dead.  I hadn't really thought of that yet.  It seems like they would've followed up on that scene a bit more.  I think Bronn briefly mentioned it, but that was it.  Since Littlefinger has been out of town, there's been no reason to show the brothel at all.  She could be in the black cells, but I doubt it.  I would think Joffrey would prefer to just get rid of her all together than to let her hang out down there.  It would be funny if she were gone, just because of all the bitching that folks have done about her character.  if they did it without even really mentioning it, the fans wouldn't even get a chance to celebrate her demise.
2654	Davos55	2012-05-09	Ros will surely be showing up again, probably at the most inopportune time when some sort of climactic action is taking place with Jaime. Perhaps another brothel scene to "break up the action"...I always just recall the commentary of season 1 when D&D said they love her and she is a "mainish character" for season 2.
No way she is just gone forever.
I hope this episode stays focused though and doesn't try to show too many extraneous plots. Particularly I hope it really focuses greatly on Jaime, Theon, and resolves situations with Dany and Jon. Also, a scene with Tyrion planning for Blackwater and preparing the chain would be greatly appreciated, and a look at Stannis and Davos.  I suppose this is a lot of plotlines, but those are just what I would like to see personally.
2655	frametown	2012-05-09	Ros will surely be showing up again, probably at the most inopportune time when some sort of climactic action is taking place with Jaime. Perhaps another brothel scene to "break up the action"...I always just recall the commentary of season 1 when D&D said they love her and she is a "mainish character" for season 2.No way she is just gone forever.I hope this episode stays focused though and doesn't try to show too many extraneous plots. Particularly I hope it really focuses greatly on Jaime, Theon, and resolves situations with Dany and Jon. Also, a scene with Tyrion planning for Blackwater and preparing the chain would be greatly appreciated, and a look at Stannis and Davos.  I suppose this is a lot of plotlines, but those are just what I would like to see personally.I don't think they have any room for extraneous plot developments at this point.  They have to be extremely efficient over the last four episodes, especially since one is going to be largely taken up by a battle.  The less I see of the Dany story, the better.  I haven't been too impressed with her acting this season.  Even though I see why they felt the need to do it, this whole kidnapped dragons thing is just silly, too.
2656	Davos55	2012-05-09	Oh trust me, I certainly don't want extraneous stuff either, and if Ros doesn't show up or dies, I would be very happy. I am just trying to guess whatt the producers will do based on their decisions this season.  No Ros in this episode would be for the best.
The last 4 episodes definitely need to be greatly focused and show main developments of the important, crucial characters.
I haven't liked all of the changes with Dany's storyline, especially if Irri is actually dead..there is no reason for that to happen at all.  The desire to add drama and to have Dany have a lot of screentime to please her large fanbase is surely why they did all of these changes. I would have liked something similar to the original plot, but that is just me.  I hope the House of the Undying goes well, and that Barristan AND Strong Belwas appear at the end of the season.
Either way, this should hopefully be a great episode.
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 09 May 2012 - 07:38 PM.
2657	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-09	Ros, dead?  Surely not! The showrunners would never kill off one of the seriesâ<U+0080><U+0099> most beloved characters in an off-screen snuff scene of no import. Just wait and see. Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve no doubt they have great things planned for our Ros, great things indeed.Great, I tell you.  Just great.  i1<U+009B>i1
2658	boojam	2012-05-09	I do wonder the thinking in having Martin write â<U+0080><U+009C>Blackwaterâ<U+0080><U+009D>.  Is it an honor or a chore?  Are they trying to make sure they get the plot-notes that the author thinks critical?George has considerable experience writing teleplays. I don't think he had too, but , I have not heard it said, D&D wanted him to write at least one episode per season because they admire him so much and he IS an experienced teleplay writer.Beside he gets paid for writing the teleplay.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 09 May 2012 - 09:13 PM.
2659	boojam	2012-05-09	Ros, dead? The hell with that, were is Varys?
2660	AnikaUnderfoot	2012-05-09	I'm really hoping that Shae holding a knife to Sansa's (?) throat is just a dream. It would make sense if it were, seeing as she is conflicted over who she can trust, and that dream would definitly represent a very real concern she has.
Glad we will finally get to see more Jaime!
I'm curious to see how they will play out Bran & Rickon's disappearance, as well as Arya's storyline with Tywin still being in Harrenhal.
ETA: Can't wait to see the Hound get some more screen time with his little bird!
					
					
							Edited by AnikaUnderfoot, 09 May 2012 - 09:58 PM.
2661	boojam	2012-05-09	This far in I figured D&D had to do something with Qarth, since as I read CoK seemed to me GRRM was struggling to squeeze something actionable out of those Dany chapters.
But it's got me worried. GRRM really hits his stride in SoS with Danny. Sure there is stuff to cut and modify but the backbone of Dany's adventures with Slavers Bay is a gold plated ripping yarn.
Hate to see much modification there.
2662	Wjaykusuma	2012-05-09	I hope that Ygritte say the epic line,
been waiting for it /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
2663	Sphinx The Riddle	2012-05-09	If Jon goes over to the free folk on his own I'm gonna fucking scream! Jon would never turn his cloak without orders to do so, he's just to honorable a guy for that. It would completely change the nature of his character for the worse, he's Eddard's son and dad was honorable to a fault just like Jon.why people think this could even happen is beyond me.. yall can be so impatient with the show
2664	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-05-10	Ros will be the prostitute that Cersei mistakenly torture to get back at Tyrion (replacing Alayaya from the books), and Tyrion will deliver his "I will turn all your joy into ash" speech to Cersei.
2665	madman2711	2012-05-10	i think Littlefinger will be zapping to Highgarden till episone 9 so maybe will be off screen for the next two episodes
i still wonder why didn't he mention he is the future owner of the Harrenhal as in the books he is but he never set foot in it
					
					
							Edited by madman2711, 10 May 2012 - 02:32 AM.
2666	boojam	2012-05-10	And this is the main problem. If she looked young for her age (like Maisie), then it wouldn't be a problem. But she looks older than her age. I'd say she looks 19 or 20.Why is that a problem?To me Maisie is starting to look older , she happens to be small in stature but she 15 now, start of season 4, if there is one, she will be 16. By season 5, if there is one, she will be 17 and maybe turn 18 while she is still in Braavos.She will really look like a young woman by then.That is ok by me, the show disposed of the book-age deal from season 1.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 10 May 2012 - 05:41 AM.
2667	Fez	2012-05-10	Gotta admit I'm surprised that the preview suggests Theon is going to have a fairly large role this episode. I'd have thought that since next episode is called 'The Prince of Winterfell', that's where they'd fit most of the rest of his storyline in. It's a shame. I mean the scenes are incredibly well-acted, directed, written, etc., but I just fucking hate Theon.
2668	Tyrionthebest	2012-05-10	Oh trust me, I certainly don't want extraneous stuff either, and if Ros doesn't show up or dies, I would be very happy. I am just trying to guess whatt the producers will do based on their decisions this season.  No Ros in this episode would be for the best.The last 4 episodes definitely need to be greatly focused and show main developments of the important, crucial characters.I haven't liked all of the changes with Dany's storyline, especially if Irri is actually dead..there is no reason for that to happen at all.  The desire to add drama and to have Dany have a lot of screentime to please her large fanbase is surely why they did all of these changes. I would have liked something similar to the original plot, but that is just me.  I hope the House of the Undying goes well, and that Barristan AND Strong Belwas appear at the end of the season.Either way, this should hopefully be a great episode.The problem is her original story was boring as crap and it sucked ass apart form the House of the Undying so it's not like there would be much of a change .
2669	Tyrionthebest	2012-05-10	I hope that Ygritte say the epic line,been waiting for it /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />You mean annoying line .
2670	Arkash	2012-05-10	I'm quite sure I saw in some video somewhere which seemed to be the speech about vows. ("They make you swear and swear..." or something)http://www.youtube.c...h?v=cB3CwCuX7Tc
2671	Davos55	2012-05-10	I was very surprised that with all that extra time with Ygritte she didn't say her line.  I am sure if she is in this episode she will throw it in there somehow.
Also, I didn't think Dany's storyline was really THAT boring in ACOK until the House of the Undying, but that's just me I suppose.  I think they could have expanded the stuff she did a bit more without trying to put all of these dramatic changes in, but I will be patient and see how it all works out.  I enjoyed the Spice King telling her off, but hate how her arguments only resort to her saying "I will destroy everything with fire and blood!".  It looks like Jorah is back this episode though which is a very good thing. He is a great character and I like him on the show a lot.
2672	Versiroth	2012-05-10	Gotta admit I'm surprised that the preview suggests Theon is going to have a fairly large role this episode. I'd have thought that since next episode is called 'The Prince of Winterfell', that's where they'd fit most of the rest of his storyline in. It's a shame. I mean the scenes are incredibly well-acted, directed, written, etc., but I just fucking hate Theon.Theon's story arc is one of tragedy and one of the most interesting, IMO.	He's never felt like he was part of anything and the first time he tries to prove himself, it all goes horribly wrong.  He ends up betraying people that he obviously didn't want to betray, performing horrible acts that you could tell he didn't want to do and then imprisoned, tortured and broken.	I hated him when he was Theon too, though I did have some sympathy for him.  But after becoming Reek.... wow... I felt horrible for the guy.   I think they're handling his story even better in the TV show because you can see the inner struggle in his face.One character I've always hated that I've never quite got why people liked him is Jaime Lannister.   It actually kind of pissed me off when it was obvious that GRRM was trying to make him into some sort of grey/redeeming hero with his story arc.   I wanted to see the guy suffer and still do now.
					
					
							Edited by Versiroth, 10 May 2012 - 11:19 AM.
2673	Maroucia	2012-05-10	About Sansa having her first blood in this weekâ<U+0080><U+0099>s episode, even if I agree that the actress portraying her looks a little old for that, I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t mind it at all. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s all an act anyway. Also, I had a friend when I was in high school, who had her first period at 16 and she two looked old and was tall (5â<U+0080><U+0099>â<U+0080><U+0099>8â<U+0080><U+0099> I think), so these things happen.
Shae with the knife is a real puzzle to me.
If itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s taken from the scene where Sansa is trying to burn her mattress, I would think that using a sharp object to stop her from doing that would be a bit extreme, so itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not very likely to me.
If itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a dream, well, it would be weird alsoâ<U+0080>¦
					
					
							Edited by Maroucia, 10 May 2012 - 11:23 AM.
2674	Aegnor	2012-05-10	Why is that a problem?To me Maisie is starting to look older , she happens to be small in stature but she 15 now, start of season 4, if there is one, she will be 16. By season 5, if there is one, she will be 17 and maybe turn 18 while she is still in Braavos.She will really look like a young woman by then.That is ok by me, the show disposed of the book-age deal from season 1.We were discussing the moonblood scene. In that case age is rather important. My thought is that they were going to do it, but they changed their mind when they went to film season 2, because of Sansa's older appearance. I definitely could be wrong though.
2675	WetHair	2012-05-10	Haven't read this all yet so sorry if I'm repeating someone else................
Since Jamie's favorite scene of all time is in this episode (I think) and Tywin is yelling about wanting them all dead, every one, I think Jaime loses his hand.
Did the preview show Theon beating up on Hodor????  Geez, I hope not.
2676	Arkash	2012-05-10	I dont think at all we will get the hand chopped this episode ! Maybe episode 10 and that would surprise me !
2677	Maroucia	2012-05-10	It's way to early for Jaime to get his hand cut off! Who would do it?I don't see any reason for anyone in the Stark camp to do something like that if they don't want Cersei to ask one of her guards to cut a piece of Sansa.And then, the hand cutting is a pillar moment in Jaime's change of character. At first, he has to be a jerk to Brienne before latter getting his hand cut off and start to change.
2678	boojam	2012-05-10	We were discussing the moonblood scene. In that case age is rather important. My thought is that they were going to do it, but they changed their mind when they went to film season 2, because of Sansa's older appearance. I definitely could be wrong though.Then why the heck is the moonblood scene important?It's a piece of trivia I am sure they will cut.
2679	Im With Stannis	2012-05-10	I don't think the Shae knife thing is a dream, seeing as how D&D don't really do dreams (we were denied the big Tower of Joy dream). So many questions about this episode: Could we see Ramsay this episode? Is the House of the Undying in this episode? If so, what was left in it and what was cut out?
2680	Umel of Ys	2012-05-10	Ros will be the prostitute that Cersei mistakenly torture to get back at Tyrion (replacing Alayaya from the books), and Tyrion will deliver his "I will turn all your joy into ash" speech to Cersei.That would suck! I hate it when the show makes me side with Cersei /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2681	Flint	2012-05-10	Since Jamie's favorite scene of all time is in this episode (I think) and Tywin is yelling about wanting them all dead, every one, I think Jaime loses his hand.Jaime doesn't lose his hand until SoS so I very much doubt it. I think it might have something to do with the Jaqen murders as in the show they're clearly not made to look 'accidental' with maybe an alternative to the hot weasel soup scene taking place.
2682	Lord Ravenfrost	2012-05-10	why people think this could even happen is beyond me.. yall can be so impatient with the showThe only reason I think this could happen is because Jon didn't let Ygrette go right away and she was already trying to get him aroused.  Jon and Ygrette will have plenty of time to get close and travel with the free folk next season I just wouldn't put it past the writers to make it happen sooner. I feel a lot of the story has been sort of rushed so far. Talk has been this isn't the last we've seen of the half hand so maybe Jon will wake with Ygrette missing next episode, that's what I'm hoping for.
2683	Aegnor	2012-05-10	Then why the heck is the moonblood scene important?It's a piece of trivia I am sure they will cut.Um, that was kind of my point. You are coming into the middle of the conversation. Here's a summary...someone else: Moonblood scene will probably happen this episode.me: no, that will probably be cut, due to Sophie's age and even older appearance.all: discussion on her ageyou: Why is her age important?me: because we were talking about the moonblood scene, where her age would be significantyou: Why the heck is that scene important, they'll probably cut it.me: Um...yeah, that's what I was saying.
2684	Maroucia	2012-05-10	Yeah, but in the preview we see Sansa waking from what seems to be a nightmare, and she is also supposed to have a talk with Cercei in this episode.
That sure seems like the whole moon blood storyline to me
2685	The Monkey	2012-05-10	Moon blood? Christ, no need to use medieval lingo on in a damn forum thread, just call it menstruation.
2686	iheartseverus	2012-05-10	Moon blood? Christ, no need to use medieval lingo on in a damn forum thread, just call it menstruation.No need to get all Stannis-y about it, either.  Modern women don't call it menstruation, we call it 'periods.'  The books, though, the story everyone is discussing here on the damn forum thread, calls it 'moon blood.'   Seems perfectly appropriate to me for posters here to use the story's language.   Like, Baratheon, black of hair.'  It's the story's language, its the story we're discussing.. in the story's language.My vote, fellow posters?  Moon blood's a cool and appropriate phrase for it...  Have at it.
2687	WetHair	2012-05-10	Moon blood, by all means.  Sounds much cooler than it is.  Though it doesn't only come at night.  Sun blood?  24/7 blood?
2688	iheartseverus	2012-05-10	Moon blood, by all means.  Sounds much cooler than it is.  Though it doesn't only come at night.  Sun blood?  24/7 blood?hahahaha, its 'moon' meaning once a month, like the monthly cycle of the moon  ('moon' being the origination of the word 'month.')  Moon blood, it is!  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2689	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-10	I don't think the Shae knife thing is a dream, seeing as how David and Dan don't really do dreams...Not quite true.  Remember the three-eyed crow raven dreams that Lord Brynden sent Bran.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 10 May 2012 - 08:20 PM.
2690	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-10	No need to get all Stannis-y about it, either.  Modern women don't call it menstruation, we call it 'periods.'Or at whiles, menses.
2691	iheartseverus	2012-05-10	Or at whiles, menses.There's something semi-hilarious in this thread about all these men discussing (even getting hissy at times) about what exactly we (girl persons) should call a girl's period.  I mean, in real life, all I've ever heard one of my men say about it was...'well, when you get your, uh, you know....'  That's it.  'Your, uh,... you know.'  But here?  Instructions abound.  It's hilariously surreal.
2692	iheartseverus	2012-05-10	Back in the real world of the upcoming episode, who thinks Jaime's gonna lose a hand this episode?
2693	Maroucia	2012-05-10	Back in the real world of the upcoming episode, who thinks Jaime's gonna lose a hand this episode?That won't happen...not yet.
2694	Lady IronHeart	2012-05-10	Hey folks. Sorry if someone has already said this but it looks to me like the part with Shae/knife/Sansa is a dream. You can see Sansa waking up clutching her throat as if she's had a nightmare and then two seconds later you see Shae with a knife to her throat. I think for the purposes of this preview they are showing those two moments out of order. Playing off of what Shae said to Sansa an episode or two ago about not trusting anyone, it makes sense.
2695	Maroucia	2012-05-10	Hey folks. Sorry if someone has already said this but it looks to me like the part with Shae/knife/Sansa is a dream. You can see Sansa waking up clutching her throat as if she's had a nightmare and then two seconds later you see Shae with a knife to her throat. I think for the purposes of this preview they are showing those two moments out of order. Playing off of what Shae said to Sansa an episode or two ago about not trusting anyone, it makes sense.This makes sense, but I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t like it. She was supposed to have a nightmare about being stabbed in the riotâ<U+0080>¦I could live with that change though, worst ones have been made before and Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m still aliveâ<U+0080>¦hehe.
					
					
							Edited by Maroucia, 10 May 2012 - 09:32 PM.
2696	DragonAge93	2012-05-10	I think the person Shae has a knife to is Ros. In one of the trailers the same shot was in it, I remembered freeze framing it and it looked more like Ros's face than Sansa's.
2697	Davos55	2012-05-10	I think the person Shae has a knife to is Ros. In one of the trailers the same shot was in it, I remembered freeze framing it and it looked more like Ros's face than Sansa's.Now that would be interesting. The board would blow up if that scene took place. A scene with just 2 of the most hated characters on this site! I can only imagine the uproar about that!I still think it is Sansa though.
2698	Maroucia	2012-05-10	I think the person Shae has a knife to is Ros. In one of the trailers the same shot was in it, I remembered freeze framing it and it looked more like Ros's face than Sansa's.I would much prefer that.Now that would be interesting. The board would blow up if that scene took place. A scene with just 2 of the most hated characters on this site! I can only imagine the uproar about that!Ha! That made me laugh out loud! /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
2699	Valkyrja	2012-05-10	I agree, I hope it's Shae and Ros in that scene.
We need more Hound and Sansa scenes, not more Shae and Sansa scenes. *grumps* /mad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':angry:' />
2700	Raja	2012-05-11	Moon blood, by all means.  Sounds much cooler than it is.  Though it doesn't only come at night.  Sun blood?  24/7 blood?This made me laugh so much  more than It should have
					
					
							Edited by Raja, 11 May 2012 - 12:29 AM.
2701	madman2711	2012-05-11	any new spoilers?
in many languages moon and month are the same word with a different meaning if it suits this menstruation debate as the month was considered a full moon cycle
i would love a shae / ros catfight it might make me care for them
i dont remember shae naked this season
2702	Arkash	2012-05-11	I wonder which stories will be cut this episode...Talking as PoV characters from the books:Sansa: obviously, she'll be there.Arya: as well.Theon: for sure.Daenerys: obvious.Catelyn: so it seems.Tyrion: I guess too.Jon: Dont think we will see him.Bran: Dont think too.Davos: Dont think too.Then, I think we'll have some Robb (love relationship).Sam (finding the obsidian with Grenn and Edd).Jaime (flight attempt + meeting Alton).
2703	Davos55	2012-05-11	That is a lot of story lines to include!
As long as there is a lot of Jaime and Theon I will be happy.  If we see Davos and Stannis for at least a brief bit that would be nice as well.
Tyrion will for sure be in the episode..he always is this season!
Also, Shae AND Ros have not been naked this season. Maybe they watched last season and wanted to do a 180..who knows.  Very strange when you think about it.
Edit: I hope we see Varys this episode and no LF. Seeing Sam and Grenn without Jon around would be pretty cool.
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 11 May 2012 - 07:26 AM.
2704	Valkyrja	2012-05-11	I heard that maybe the Ros actress was pregnant during the filming....and has Shae ever actually been naked on the show before?
2705	Davos55	2012-05-11	I heard that maybe the Ros actress was pregnant during the filming....and has Shae ever actually been naked on the show before?I actually thought that about Ros and have commented on it before, but never really got any feedback. I didn't care enough to look up any info on it. LOL. Shae was naked in almost all of her scenes last season.
2706	Silverx2	2012-05-11	I agree, I hope it's Shae and Ros in that scene.We need more Hound and Sansa scenes, not more Shae and Sansa scenes. *grumps* /mad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':angry:' />Its definitally Sansa.Her hair is the same when shes talking to the hound.
2707	Christina Ceriddwynn	2012-05-11	Please dont tell me they go all stupid and give the trust, liars and swords speech to SHAE and take it away from Sandor!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
HE held the knife to her throat...not Shae
2708	madman2711	2012-05-11	I really think that this Hound is going mute early or they try to soften him also to make him likable
2709	madman2711	2012-05-11	Sorry double post
					
					
							Edited by madman2711, 11 May 2012 - 12:38 PM.
2710	ThePickler	2012-05-11	Why did they replace Cleos Frey with Alton Lannister?? Just to avoid explaining the complications created by his Frey/Lannister lineage?
2711	Crown	2012-05-11	Why did they replace Cleos Frey with Alton Lannister?? Just to avoid explaining the complications created by his Frey/Lannister lineage?Yeah, it's already difficult for the viewers to understand all the family relations, and since we know the Freys as bannerman to the Tully's it would be kinda weird to have a Frey-Lannister dude, right?
2712	The Frostfangs	2012-05-11	Yeah, it's already difficult for the viewers to understand all the family relations, and since we know the Freys as bannerman to the Tully's it would be kinda weird to have a Frey-Lannister dude, right?ummm
2713	Maroucia	2012-05-11	I really think that this Hound is going mute early or they try to soften him also to make him likableThat would be a big mistake!We talked on another thread of how Sandorâ<U+0080><U+0099>s dickitude was such a big part of his charmâ<U+0080>¦ /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' />I hope heâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll be really harsh on Sansa in this weekâ<U+0080><U+0099>s episode! If the screen cap of them two that mysteriously appeared on the net a few weeks ago is taken from that episode though, I would not think that we have to worry about it.
2714	TKwhiskey	2012-05-11	she could try to use sansa as a hostage of cersei's people discover her relationship to tyrion and that sets up tyrion's speech to cersei
2715	Valkyrja	2012-05-11	That would be a big mistake!We talked on another thread of how Sandorâ<U+0080><U+0099>s dickitude was such a big part of his charmâ<U+0080>¦ /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' />I hope heâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll be really harsh on Sansa in this weekâ<U+0080><U+0099>s episode! If the screen cap of them two that mysteriously appeared on the net a few weeks ago is taken from that episode though, I would not think that we have to worry about it.I have been wondering what happened to that scene! It would have made sense, imo, to happen before the riot, but.....whatever. I just hope that scene is still being included prior to the BBW. One can only hope....
2716	Warden of the North121	2012-05-11	I feel like there are going to be a lot of storylines this week judging from the preview and teaser info it has:
Tyrion + Cersei
Sansa + Hound
Dany
Jon + Ygritte
Theon
Arya
Jaime + Catelyn +Brienne
Hopefully it won't seem stretched too thin. Gonna be hard to top last episode imo but I'm feeling we're in for another good one (hopefully T+A are kept to a minimum like the last couple)
2717	Sebly	2012-05-12	Do Tyrion and Sansa get married this season?
2718	ThePickler	2012-05-12	Do Tyrion and Sansa get married this season?It happens in Storm of Swords so it will be either season 3 or 4.
2719	Arkash	2012-05-12	Jon + YgritteLike I said above, I dont think we will see Jon this episode !We might damn well see the FOFM with Sam, Edd and Grenn, but not sure about Jon.
2720	Crown	2012-05-12	Like I said above, I dont think we will see Jon this episode !We might damn well see the FOFM with Sam, Edd and Grenn, but not sure about Jon.That would make sense, we need them to find the dragonglass stash.
2721	sennahoj	2012-05-12	I wonder whether Sam just (literally) stumbles across the stash of dragonglass, or whether they still have Ghost lead the way to it (only for Sam, not Jon obviously). I would love to see more Ghost and Sam interaction as in the scene at Craster's with Gilly.
2722	madman2711	2012-05-12	Ghost is with jon even it is not seen
2723	Fred Stark	2012-05-12	It happens in Storm of Swords so it will be either season 3 or 4.That would happen in season 3 as season 3 will be focusing mainly on the Red wedding and season 4 would be focusing on the Purple Wedding(her marriage occurs before both these colourful wedding)...i feel the Ser Dontos storyline will be moved to season 3 while her wedding with Tyrion would be during the first half of the season 3
2724	Crown	2012-05-12	Does anyone know when the list of 'spoilery tidbits' will be released? Like these --> http://www.digitalsp...nd-the-new.htmlEDIT: If they release them at all.
					
					
							Edited by Crown, 12 May 2012 - 10:00 AM.
2725	Arkash	2012-05-12	I wonder whether Sam just (literally) stumbles across the stash of dragonglass, or whether they still have Ghost lead the way to it (only for Sam, not Jon obviously). I would love to see more Ghost and Sam interaction as in the scene at Craster's with Gilly.Well, I dont think Sam will find it that easily, but yeah, I'm sure it will be him to find it out !
2726	Warden of the North121	2012-05-12	Like I said above, I dont think we will see Jon this episode !We might damn well see the FOFM with Sam, Edd and Grenn, but not sure about Jon.Episode summary from imdb:Jaime meets a distant relative; Dany receives an invitation to the House of the Undying; Theon leads a search party; Jon loses his way in the wilderness; Cersei counsels Sansa.Therefore I'm pretty sure Jon is in this episode.
2727	addsend	2012-05-12	Bit of a spoiler here for the episode here.
	Spoiler Sansa's moonblood scene does happen. Shae is involved, but she is not holding the knife to Sansa.
There's also a MAJOR departure from the books in Qarth (even more than before), and a serious "holy shit" scene at the end. Stuff kicks off. Jaime also does something that's really rather brutal.

					
					
							Edited by addsend, 12 May 2012 - 11:54 AM.
2728	Crown	2012-05-12	Bit of a spoiler here for the episode here.
	Spoiler Sansa's moonblood scene does happen. Shae is involved, but she is not holding the knife to Sansa.There's also a MAJOR departure from the books in Qarth (even more than before), and a serious "holy shit" scene at the end. Stuff kicks off. Jaime also does something that's really rather brutal.
Can I ask you what your source is?
2729	addsend	2012-05-12	Can I ask you what your source is?I hate to go all mysterious, but I'd rather not say. Not from me directly though - I'm a third party here, so a grain of salt is to be taken. But not really.Nor is my image proof working. Oh well.http://desmond.image...jpg&res=landing
					
					
							Edited by addsend, 12 May 2012 - 11:59 AM.
2730	Crown	2012-05-12	I hate to go all mysterious, but I'd rather not say. Not from me directly though - I'm a third party here, so a grain of salt is to be taken. But not really.Nor is my image proof working. Oh well.http://desmond.image...jpg&res=landingSo you haven't seen it yourself? Ah well, could you put the major Qarth deviation in spoiler tags, or do you rather not tell?
2731	addsend	2012-05-12	So you haven't seen it yourself? Ah well, could you put the major Qarth deviation in spoiler tags, or do you rather not tell?Sure. But to anyone wanting to read this, I strongly suggest not doing so. It's a hell of a surprise and not the kind I'd want ruined. Nonetheless.
	Spoiler Xaro calls for a meeting of the Thirteen to discuss the theft of the dragons, because he thinks "one of them did it or knows who did". Pyat Pree reveals that the dragons are in the House of the Undying and that the warlocks and Xaro were in on the whole thing - the warlocks would get the dragons (and Dany) for their own nefarious purposes and Xaro would be made King of Qarth. The personal slaves of the Thirteen then all turn into duplicates of Pyat Pree and slit the throats of their masters (R.I.P. Spice King). Following this, Dany runs the hell away, presumably to go hide somewhere.
2732	Valkyrja	2012-05-12	I'd like to know about the changed Quarth plot as well, including who actually *is* holding that knife to Sansa?!
2733	Crown	2012-05-12	Sure. But to anyone wanting to read this, I strongly suggest not doing so. It's a hell of a surprise and not the kind I'd want ruined. Nonetheless.
	Spoiler Xaro calls for a meeting of the Thirteen to discuss the theft of the dragons, because he thinks "one of them did it or knows who did". Pyat Pree reveals that the dragons are in the House of the Undying and that the warlocks and Xaro were in on the whole thing - the warlocks would get the dragons (and Dany) for their own nefarious purposes and Xaro would be made King of Qarth. The personal slaves of the Thirteen then all turn into duplicates of Pyat Pree and slit the throats of their masters (R.I.P. Spice King). Following this, Dany runs the hell away, presumably to go hide somewhere.
I'm going to take your advice and not read it. I'll wait!
2734	addsend	2012-05-12	I'd like to know about the changed Quarth plot as well, including who actually *is* holding that knife to Sansa?!
	Spoiler I'm told it's Shae holding a knife to another handmaiden who ran in on Shae and Sansa trying to destroy the evidence.
2735	DragonAge93	2012-05-12	So does Dany still go to the House of the Undying, addsend? If you wouldn't mind telling me, I'm really curious.
2736	addsend	2012-05-12	So does Dany still go to the House of the Undying, addsend? If you wouldn't mind telling me, I'm really curious.
	Spoiler Yep. Episode 8 has her in hiding in Qarth, and then she decides to go to the House to get her dragons back. Episode 10, I expect.

					
					
							Edited by addsend, 12 May 2012 - 01:39 PM.
2737	Crown	2012-05-12	Addsend, do you have info on all the episodes?
2738	addsend	2012-05-12	Nope. The guy who told me this stuff has seen episode 7 and 8 and is watching 9 tonight.
But he likely won't tell me ep 8 or 9 info until the day before they air.
2739	madman2711	2012-05-12	Its quite amaizing the turn of events in qarth from a dull city it becames a snake pit
What is jaime doing
					
					
							Edited by madman2711, 12 May 2012 - 03:27 PM.
2740	DragonAge93	2012-05-12	Spoiler So you're saying Dany won't enter the HotU till Episode 10? The summary for this episode states she'll be going there.

How is your source able to view the episodes so early?
2741	madman2711	2012-05-12	Probably inside man and i think the source is unimportant 
More spoilers please
2742	addsend	2012-05-12	Spoiler So you're saying Dany won't enter the HotU till Episode 10? The summary for this episode states she'll be going there.
How is your source able to view the episodes so early?
	Spoiler I don't know 100%, but I think it'll probably be episode 10, yes. Honestly, I have no idea how this guy sees them so early.
Probably inside man and i think the source is unimportantMore spoilers please
	Spoiler Jaime kills Alton Lannister to lure Karstark into the cage, then murders him and flees. He's recaptured and chained up. Robb is away at the Crag and Karstark Sr. demands Jaime's death. Fearing that Jaime won't survive the night (thus losing Littlefinger/Tyrion's deal of exchange), Cat releases Jaime with Brienne at the end of the episode.On another note, there's a lot of backstory this episode. Jaime telling Alton about his past as a Kingsguard member, and Arya/Tywin discussing Harrenhal's history.

					
					
							Edited by addsend, 12 May 2012 - 04:26 PM.
2743	Crown	2012-05-12	Spoiler I don't know 100%, but I think it'll probably be episode 10, yes. Honestly, I have no idea how this guy sees them so early.

	Spoiler Jaime kills Alton Lannister to lure Karstark into the cage, then murders him and flees. He's recaptured and chained up. Robb is away at the Crag and Karstark Sr. demands Jaime's death. Fearing that Jaime won't survive the night (thus losing Littlefinger/Tyrion's deal of exchange), Cat releases Jaime with Brienne at the end of the episode.On another note, there's a lot of backstory this episode. Jaime telling Alton about his past as a Kingsguard member, and Arya/Tywin discussing Harrenhal's history.
Last question: how are they going to handle the Bran/Rickon hunt?
2744	addsend	2012-05-12	Last question: how are they going to handle the Bran/Rickon hunt?
	Spoiler Episode cliffhanger, I think, is two tarred corpses hanging from the gates of Winterfell.The audience is made to think it's Bran and Rickon. I think.
2745	Somnus	2012-05-12	I've come across those same spoilers...from the /tv/ board of a infamous website. It seems legit though, the person in question who posted the spoilers has a history of posting accurate spoilers on that board.
2746	Crown	2012-05-12	Spoiler Episode cliffhanger, I think, is two tarred corpses hanging from the gates of Winterfell.The audience is made to think it's Bran and Rickon. I think.
That's the only thing I read, want to be surprised by the Jaime and Dany story-lines. Thanks anyway!
2747	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-12	Spoiler That is one massive bloody change to Jaime's storyline right there. Hmm...

Still, cheers.
2748	WetHair	2012-05-13	Unfortunately spoilers are like M&M, you can't eat just one.  I saw the Qarth one and since I didn't really care or, to be honest, remember those scenes anyway I went ahead and spoiled.  (Oh dear, that sounds like I'm positively rotting.)  From there it was only a short hop, skip and jump to the next spoiler and since at that point I had already read two of them and three's company here it's Saturday night and just me and the cat so going for the next one seemed like a perfectly OK thing to do.  Luckily "The Source" had nothing to say about episodes 7, 8 or 9 or I might have just blown off the rest of the season.
2749	Tyrionthebest	2012-05-13	Spoiler Episode cliffhanger, I think, is two tarred corpses hanging from the gates of Winterfell.The audience is made to think it's Bran and Rickon. I think.
Are there any scenes beyond the wall ?
2750	NickSnow	2012-05-13	Im very worried about how they are going to handle the House of the Undying scebe. Im afraid they are going to make it a rescue mission for her dragons. This is going to completely ruin the misterioius nature of it. If Dany's running around trying to find her dragons, the prophecies will be glossed over or not appear at all. Tsk tsk HBO, I want my prophecies in full.
2751	boojam	2012-05-13	Im very worried about how they are going to handle the House of the Undying scebe. Im afraid they are going to make it a rescue mission for her dragons. This is going to completely ruin the misterioius nature of it. If Dany's running around trying to find her dragons, the prophecies will be glossed over or not appear at all. Tsk tsk HBO, I want my prophecies in full.Like I said we should all write George and ask him to write chapters that will fit into 2.5 min of TV scene time.I think it will be a rescue mission too, but seems like it comes in E10... lord! that seems way late.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 13 May 2012 - 01:17 PM.
2752	sennahoj	2012-05-13	I don't think Dany's prophecies necessarily have to be a part of the House of the Undying. They are difficult to put on screen in a way that wouldn't seem totaly weird and out of tune with the general style of the show. Since the writers decided to take great liberties with Dany's storyline, I am prepared to roll with it and see what they will do. I do not believe that the prophecies will be scrapped altogether, but they could be worked into the show in a different manner, for example via Quaithe telling Dany her future and giving her ambiguous warnings. The subtleties of what Dany sees in the House of the Undying might even be lost on the page, so that you tend to forget about it as her storyline progresses. At least that was my feeling, and I have only started my second read. So to really stick in the mind of the television audience, the House of the Undying visions would have to be more explicit and less ambiguous. I think it would make more sense to have some sort of seer or fortune teller, which might be Quaithe on the show, formulate the prophecies for Dany, to spell them out.
2753	Zod	2012-05-13	I love the ep title - a man without honor could be Jaime, Jon, Robb. Or all three in one episode, if we get Jaime making a deal with Catelyn, Jon joining the wildlings, and Robb screwing over the Freys with Talisia Jeyne-the-hot-battlefield-medic.How did you forget Theon? What about his honour? ... Wait a minute...
2754	DragonAge93	2012-05-13	When I read the HotU part in the book, I kinda got lost throughout it, and didn't know what the hell was happening. I went online afterwards to see what the visions meant.
And I have to agree with Sennahoj, even if they don't show the visions, it doesn't really matter. They didn't show the ToJ flashbacks, and we got along fine without it. At first I wanted them to be in, but now reading senna's post, I agree that it really won't phase me all that much if they don't put them in now. Because it does get lost on the reader eventually. Readers just want it to be in the show since it's the only significant thing that happened to Dany in ACoK.
2755	protar	2012-05-13	I don't think Dany's prophecies necessarily have to be a part of the House of the Undying. They are difficult to put on screen in a way that wouldn't seem totaly weird and out of tune with the general style of the show. Since the writers decided to take great liberties with Dany's storyline, I am prepared to roll with it and see what they will do. I do not believe that the prophecies will be scrapped altogether, but they could be worked into the show in a different manner, for example via Quaithe telling Dany her future and giving her ambiguous warnings. The subtleties of what Dany sees in the House of the Undying might even be lost on the page, so that you tend to forget about it as her storyline progresses. At least that was my feeling, and I have only started my second read. So to really stick in the mind of the television audience, the House of the Undying visions would have to be more explicit and less ambiguous. I think it would make more sense to have some sort of seer or fortune teller, which might be Quaithe on the show, formulate the prophecies for Dany, to spell them out.If we just get some palm reading I will be seriously annoyed. HOTU is pretty much the only thing that happens in the books during Dany's COK arc. I would hope they'd throw a decent amount of money on it. And also seeing as her trip to the HOTU seems to be a dragon rescue mission, it wouldn't make  sense for Dany to just be calmly talking to the warlocks. So I fully expect some running through the halls and seeing visions. Also some of the visions are just flashbacks from book 1, like Silver and Viserys being crowned. So there's no reason they can't be put in.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 13 May 2012 - 02:02 PM.
2756	Hoo	2012-05-13	I prefer they do not spend much time on Danny.  Maybe 5 minutes to explain how she got her dragons back, and that's it for the next several episodes.  Her story and Jon's are a waste of airtime up to this point.
2757	Tyrionthebest	2012-05-13	I prefer they do not spend much time on Danny.  Maybe 5 minutes to explain how she got her dragons back, and that's it for the next several episodes.  Her story and Jon's are a waste of airtime up to this point.Well it's the same in the book but it is essential to the plot so...
2758	Morrigan	2012-05-13	I think the last man she asks Jaqen to kill- after deciding that killing Joffrey/Tywin won't help her escape- will be a soldier guarding a door, allowing Arya and Gendry (I predict Hot Pie will be left here but that would suck) to escape. Having Arya slaughter the guardsman might be too much of a jump at this point.Hope I'm wrong though. Weasel soup was good fun.That cannot happen. First of all there's an episode synopsis where apparently Arya "calls in the third debt in a way that displeases Jaqen". So it has to be something special (e.g. him, unless he helps with whatever scheme she has), and not just killing a guard. And second, Arya HAS to kill the guard herself. Preferably with dropping the coin. And she has to say "valar morghulis". This is just too important. I think this will happen in the very last episode, though, since it's titled Valar Morghulis.Exactly, the line "Ayra calls in her final debt with Jaqen in a way that displeases him" can only mean one thing. He has started his willingness to kill anyone, so he wouldn't be displeased if that was anyone but himself. She might not be freeing Bolton prisoners, but surely something similar. It's just too good a plot point to miss up on, as is her murder of the guard at the end of her last chapter.Yes. Thank you!Hey folks. Sorry if someone has already said this but it looks to me like the part with Shae/knife/Sansa is a dream. You can see Sansa waking up clutching her throat as if she's had a nightmare and then two seconds later you see Shae with a knife to her throat. I think for the purposes of this preview they are showing those two moments out of order. Playing off of what Shae said to Sansa an episode or two ago about not trusting anyone, it makes sense.They do often show scenes out of orders, or cleverly edit scenes to be very misleading in the previews. I remember the preview for The Pointy End, back in S1. You hear Meryn Trant saying (sounding a bit weird) "kill... the girl!" while showing Arya running down the steps. The reason it sounds weird was because they edited the quote. In truth he says, "kill the Braavosi, get the girl!" or something like that. I thought it was suspect watching the preview too since there was no way they'd want to kill an important hostage like Arya, and it all made sense in the episode (and of course they say that when confronting Syrio, not when Arya runs away to the dragon skull area, that was just a montage for the preview).So yeah, take previews with a grain of salt basically. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2759	Zod	2012-05-13	... Perhaps it is Hodor whom does not have honour.
2760	Davos55	2012-05-13	Clearly the episode was meant to be titled, "A Man Without Hodor".  They really dropped the ball on that one!
2761	iheartseverus	2012-05-13	Clearly the episode was meant to be titled, "A Man Without Hodor".  They really dropped the ball on that one!Or, given what we now know of Jaime's dyslexia, 'A Nam Outwith Rhono.'(You can tell we're all just hanging around, waiting for show time!)
2762	Fred Stark	2012-05-13	@Addsend, if you ever get to know about episode 8 and 9 ,I would like to ask just three simple question .Its a yes/no question
Here are the questions
1.Is the blackwater battle epic?
2.Do they keep the Hound Sansa scene during the blackwater scene?(I want to know this because of the crazy theories surrounding this particular chapter)
3.Does Talisa reveal her actual identity?
Thank you .
2763	addsend	2012-05-13	Hate to say it, but I have no idea. The /tv/ source usually only shows up to spoil stuff the day before the episode.
I've asked him to tell us if Blackwater is done well, but heard nothing yet.
2764	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-13	You guys all have this episode completely wrong.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s actully meant to be a Jaqen episode; thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s why itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s called â<U+0080><U+009C>A Man Without Honorâ<U+0080><U+009D>. ;}
2765	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-05-13	I prefer they do not spend much time on Danny.  Maybe 5 minutes to explain how she got her dragons back, and that's it for the next several episodes.  Her story and Jon's are a waste of airtime up to this point.I do get a bit miffed when I read things like this - no offence to you, Hoo.  Yep, we know that in certain books Jon's and Dany's stories can be slow moving, but surely, surely, surely - by all that's holy - every single reader MUST have grasped that Dany, Jon and Tyrion are the three main characters of George's saga thus far.  I honestly do NOT see how the show's writers can ignore these characters in any one series - even if they do have to spice up their particular storylines due to the book they are dramatising.
2766	CrypticWeirwood	2012-05-13	I do get a bit miffed when I read things like this - no offence to you, Hoo.  Yep, we know that in certain books Jon's and Dany's stories can be slow moving, but surely, surely, surely - by all that's holy - every single reader MUST have grasped that Dany, Jon and Tyrion are the three main characters of George's saga thus far.  I honestly do NOT see how the show's writers can ignore these characters in any one series - even if they do have to spice up their particular storylines due to the book they are dramatising.Do you think that the unread masses from HBOwville realize that Jon, Dany, and Tyrion are the big three?  Have the writers managed to convey that, or not?
2767	iheartseverus	2012-05-13	WiC has this promo photo posted.  Somebody commented that it just begs to be captioned to death.  Soooooo.....http://img.photobuck...-honor-1920.jpg
2768	House Snow	2012-05-13	Haha I haven't read the spoilers but it sounds like its going to be one controversial episode.
2769	Mulled Wino	2012-05-13	Anyone else down for an Ygritte sex scene asap?
2770	Chelly	2012-05-13	I know nothing of the spoilers and I'm so excited for this episode. The dragon stealing is not in the books so I'm very curious to see how it plays out. I like the suspense. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
I'm also dying to see what this thing NCW is raging about that he says is the coolest thing he has done on the show. Also gimme some more Jaqen!
2771	Currawong	2012-05-13	I honestly do NOT see how the show's writers can ignore these characters in any one series - even if they do have to spice up their particular storylines due to the book they are dramatising.Well, if you read the various comments about future seasons, it appears likely that 1.  ASOS will probably take 2 seasons to show, allowing much more time for the individual stories, and 2. AFFC and ADWD will probably be combined, so that we don't 'lose' whole groups of people for a season, which they would do if they showed those two books in sequence as written.   For all we know, that rearrangement could result in the two books taking 3 seasons overall.Which might just give GRRM time to finish TWOW ...  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
2772	Lord Barristan	2012-05-13	Maybe this is just me but I don't get as excited for the show as I did last season or the 1st few episodes of this season... Mainly because the actors who play Jon snow and dany have just gotten in my nerves and the writing surrounding them is just awful 
Jon is one of if not my favorite in the books I just can't stand kit Harrington, though an ygritte sex scene would be welcome
2773	Mulled Wino	2012-05-13	They are certainly not doing jon snow justice this season.  He looks like a chump so far.
2774	Caro99	2012-05-13	@Addsend, if you ever get to know about episode 8 and 9 ,I would like to ask just three simple question .Its a yes/no questionHere are the questions1.Is the blackwater battle epic?2.Do they keep the Hound Sansa scene during the blackwater scene?(I want to know this because of the crazy theories surrounding this particular chapter)Fred, the hound/sansa scene during the blackwater is what i am most looking forward this season, but i have not heard any crazy theories surrounding that moment, so your words made me anxious. could you share some of them?? i'm starting to worry now that they might be bad tidings /wideeyed.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wideeyed:' />  @addsend,
	Spoiler yes please, as soon as you know let us know about the blackwater! & thanks for the spoilers for this episode, i was worried that it was shae holding the knife to sansa
2775	Valkyrja	2012-05-13	I agree.....not excited for the upcoming episodes any more. Which is sad. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
I liked Dany in the first season.....this season, I am not sure what to think of her.
Kit Harrington is nothing like how I picture Jon Snow......nothing. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
That said, visually, I like the scenes North of the Wall because I am a lover of all things cold and wintry and of course I enjoy seeing my beloved Iceland and getting peeks at CGI Ghost every now and then.
However, I wish they had chosen someone else to play Jon Snow. I feel like he was already a character that some people poke fun of (not me, I love book!Jon Snow), and now with Kit it just makes it even easier. Boo.
My biggest issue so far though is the Jeyne Westerling/Talisa fiasco. Its her stupid name that does me in......seriously, Talisa? Sounds soo......out of place. (nothing against anyone with that name in RL, it just doesn't scream ASoIAF to me.../tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />)
2776	Kittykatknits	2012-05-13	2.Do they keep the Hound Sansa scene during the blackwater scene?(I want to know this because of the crazy theories surrounding this particular chapter)Thank you .Martin wrote this episode and said it is in. Plus, D&D said in an interview that Sophie was more nervous about a scene that required her to sing than she was about last weeks attempted rape scene. So, it's safe to say it is in.
2777	Lady IronHeart	2012-05-13	That cannot happen. First of all there's an episode synopsis where apparently Arya "calls in the third debt in a way that displeases Jaqen". So it has to be something special (e.g. him, unless he helps with whatever scheme she has), and not just killing a guard. And second, Arya HAS to kill the guard herself. Preferably with dropping the coin. And she has to say "valar morghulis". This is just too important. I think this will happen in the very last episode, though, since it's titled Valar Morghulis.Yes. Thank you!They do often show scenes out of orders, or cleverly edit scenes to be very misleading in the previews. I remember the preview for The Pointy End, back in S1. You hear Meryn Trant saying (sounding a bit weird) "kill... the girl!" while showing Arya running down the steps. The reason it sounds weird was because they edited the quote. In truth he says, "kill the Braavosi, get the girl!" or something like that. I thought it was suspect watching the preview too since there was no way they'd want to kill an important hostage like Arya, and it all made sense in the episode (and of course they say that when confronting Syrio, not when Arya runs away to the dragon skull area, that was just a montage for the preview).So yeah, take previews with a grain of salt basically. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Thank ye, I shall take them with a grain of salt. I hope I'm right lol.
2778	Hoo	2012-05-13	I do get a bit miffed when I read things like this - no offence to you, Hoo.  Yep, we know that in certain books Jon's and Dany's stories can be slow moving, but surely, surely, surely - by all that's holy - every single reader MUST have grasped that Dany, Jon and Tyrion are the three main characters of George's saga thus far.  I honestly do NOT see how the show's writers can ignore these characters in any one series - even if they do have to spice up their particular storylines due to the book they are dramatising.I have not read the whole saga.  I am up to the middle of the Clash of Kings, which is just behind the show.  I see nothing in the chapters that makes me want to read more about Jon or Danny.  The stories are slow moving with nothing of any significance to the rest of the realm except the dragons.  It was a complete waste of time for me to read Jon's chapters, and to an extent Danny's chapters.  I also see very little use for Bran's chapters so far, but I'm sure it will pick up with the overtaking of Winterfell.  I have to disagree with the sentiment about Jon and Danny character being central to anything, as far as I've read and watched.
					
					
							Edited by Hoo, 13 May 2012 - 07:21 PM.
2779	Qwop22	2012-05-13	I have not read the whole saga.  I am up to the middle of the Clash of Kings, which is just behind the show.  I see nothing in the chapters that makes me want to read more about Jon or Danny.  The stories are slow moving with nothing of any significance to the rest of the realm except the dragons.  It was a complete waste of time for me to read Jon's chapters, and to an extent Danny's chapters.  I also see very little use for Bran's chapters so far, but I'm sure it will pick up with the overtaking of Winterfell.  I have to disagree with the sentiment about Jon and Danny character being central to anything, as far as I've read and watched.As someone who has read all the books all I can tell you is to hang in there. Things get better with Jon and Dany. The thing with ASoIaF is GRRM likes to describe mundane things at times; and he likes to really build up to the major events.
2780	Serr Parker	2012-05-13	Well, if you read the various comments about future seasons, it appears likely that 1.  ASOS will probably take 2 seasons to show, allowing much more time for the individual stories, and 2. AFFC and ADWD will probably be combined, so that we don't 'lose' whole groups of people for a season, which they would do if they showed those two books in sequence as written.   For all we know, that rearrangement could result in the two books taking 3 seasons overall.Which might just give GRRM time to finish TWOW ...  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />I think (and hope) that SOS is done over one series but 12-14 episodes, I think putting part 1 on its own then having to wait a whole year for part 2 would really lose the momentum of the show, especially after Blackwater
					
					
							Edited by Serr Parker, 13 May 2012 - 07:42 PM.
2781	House Snow	2012-05-13	^ I'm glad your posting b/c I think people who have read the book dont really appreciate how much there hindsight influences there appreciation lack of appreciation for the show, and pay lipservice to people like you who don't know whats going to happen.  Also as an aside if you haven't read the entire thing I would stay the hell out of threads like these.  You will get spoiled.
2782	Currawong	2012-05-13	I think (and hope) that SOS is done over one series but 12-14 episodes, I think putting part 1 on its own then having to wait a whole year for part 2 would really lose the momentum of the show, especially after BlackwaterI think HBO is staying with ten episodes per season, but again, there is likely to be some rearranging of ASOS chapters if it's done across two seasons.   And if the series remains popular, there may also be some adjustments from AFFC too - D & D seem to be focusing on telling the overall story, so they don't want to lose flow or characters, and if they plan things correctly, there can be suitable series breaks.   It doesn't worry me at all - I am just glad 'someone' is putting up the time and amazing resources to give us this series in the first place.
2783	Hoo	2012-05-13	^ I'm glad your posting b/c I think people who have read the book dont really appreciate how much there hindsight influences there appreciation lack of appreciation for the show, and pay lipservice to people like you who don't know whats going to happen.  Also as an aside if you haven't read the entire thing I would stay the hell out of threads like these.  You will get spoiled.lol thxI am a fan of spoilers and if you can give me heads up on chapters I do not need to read, I'd appreaciate it, as in: If you are about to start to read the books, you may as well skip over Bran and Jon chapters.
2784	Serr Parker	2012-05-13	I think HBO is staying with ten episodes per season, but again, there is likely to be some rearranging of ASOS chapters if it's done across two seasons.   And if the series remains popular, there may also be some adjustments from AFFC too - D & D seem to be focusing on telling the overall story, so they don't want to lose flow or characters, and if they plan things correctly, there can be suitable series breaks.   It doesn't worry me at all - I am just glad 'someone' is putting up the time and amazing resources to give us this series in the first place.True enough, plenty of people moan about the series and not like how it sways away from the books, but we should be grateful for what we get.I am still annoyed I think 10 episodes is too short, even if they made it a double premier and double finale to make it 12, in them 2 hours you could add a lot
2785	Valkyrja	2012-05-13	I'd read all the chapters if I were you! You will miss important things and interesting details that become important later if you don't.
2786	salt	2012-05-13	I am a fan of spoilers and if you can give me heads up on chapters I do not need to read, I'd appreaciate it, as in: If you are about to start to read the books, you may as well skip over Bran and Jon chapters.This is not how books work.  If you want to get a summary of the story of the books, go to wikipedia and you can read them all in about 5 minutes.  If you want to read the books, read them.  Skipping chapter is completely ridiculous.
2787	redriver	2012-05-13	lol thxI am a fan of spoilers and if you can give me heads up on chapters I do not need to read, I'd appreaciate it, as in: If you are about to start to read the books, you may as well skip over Bran and Jon chapters.Don't read any Varys or Littlefinger chapters,and the Robb chapters tend to be a little tedious.
2788	clarkside	2012-05-13	This is not how books work.  If you want to get a summary of the story of the books, go to wikipedia and you can read them all in about 5 minutes.  If you want to read the books, read them.  Skipping chapter is completely ridiculous.I completely agree. I really struggled through AFFC, thinking at the time that half of it was pointless but it it paid off towards the end of the book because a lot of the twists had been set up or hinted at in the more mundane chapters. I've come to realise that GRRM doesn't do pointless chapters. Even if some things seem boring at the time you'll find them more rewarding once you re-read them, knowing how particular plots play out later on.
2789	unRobert	2012-05-13	The prologues should be skipped. I guess the only necessary chapters will be titled "Aeron".
2790	SerMixalot	2012-05-13	booooooooooooooooooo
2791	Hoo	2012-05-13	boooooooooooooooooooThe book lends itself to disregarding chapters that are boring.  It's wonderfully lifelike.  I blame HBO to giving life to Jon's chapters rather than some other storylines which would've been more entertaining than listening to Sam and exploring the land of always winter.
2792	SerMixalot	2012-05-13	sorry I was saying BOOOOO to HBO's treatment.
Tis HORRIBLE in my not so humble opinion
2793	Hoo	2012-05-13	Don't read any Varys or Littlefinger chapters,and the Robb chapters tend to be a little tedious.clever.  I lol'd.Bran and Jon chapters ae 12 in book 1 of 72.  Skip em.
2794	Pliny	2012-05-13	Jaime's escape was changed. In this new version he has a touching conversation with a young cousin (fantastic scene!) and then bludgeons him to death to distract the guard enough to kill him too, and then make his escape.
He's recaptured, of course.
I'm not sure this action is consistent with Book Jaime Lannister. After all, the Lannisters value their family highly, and we've seen Jaime respect those who also know what it is to be in battle before. I felt it made him seem more like Joffrey than himself.
Yes, I haven't forgotten that this is the man who pushed a small boy out a window.
I had always gotten the impression in the books that Jaime would do anything for his family (or maybe just Cersei and Tyrion?), but that he was not a cruel and unfeeling man. People think he is, but aren't we supposed to think he's misjudged and misunderstood?
Will this change adversely affect the believability of his attempt at redemption? Or will it make it that much more dramatic? Is this change a good one, a mistake, or a wash?
2795	Bastard of Boston	2012-05-13	Nikolaj was right about one thing. This episode definitely gave him a chance to flex his muscles a little bit after being trapped in a cage for most of the season. The real cage, too. As much as my inner sadist appreciated Jamie's cold-blooded plot to escape, I have to admit that this muddies up this minor issue of redemption. He's been kinda working towards that for awhile...kind of a big deal.But, wait.Yes, we all know this is a huge departure from the books. But, let's examine it in other terms as well -- what does this mean for his character arc on the show? Is it possible to bounce back? I know some people have mentioned this in the big all-encompassing episode discussion topic.I gave it some thought. As out-of-character as it may initially seem, we are talking about a man who attempted to murder Bran. There isn't much, at this point, that Jamie wouldn't do in the name of self-preservation. Is killing Alton so that he could possibly escape that much out of character for Jamie? Do we forget about the Bran incident because Bran didn't die...even though he probably should have -- and Jamie intended for that to be the end result? At what point is the point where we say, "This is where Jamie endeavored to be better." Did it happen while in the cage? Obviously not, if we're using the show as a guide.Should we look at Jamie differently here? Or, when you think about it, isn't Jamie the same old Jamie?
2796	Katydid	2012-05-13	I'm trying, really I am.  I'm trying hard to reconcile the liberties they're taking in this series, and go with the flow with the changes/additions/subtractions.  For the most part, I've done alright (save for anytime we see Ros on screen.)But Jaime is now a kinslayer.  Pointlessly, needlessly, it added nothing to the story that I can see.  Cleos was a goner anyway.  So what was wrong with the way GRRM wrote his death?FAIL.
